J.P. Morgan is a leading global financial services firm, established over 200 years ago: We are the leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. We have assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide We operate in more than 100 markets. We have more than 243, 000 employees globally. Our wholesale businesses include J.P. Morgan s Asset Management, Commercial Banking and the Corporate & Investment Bank which provide products and services to corporations, governments, municipalities, non- profits, institutions, financial intermediaries and high- net worth individuals and families. Commercial Banking serves global clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions, and not- for- profit entities with annual revenues generally ranging in billions of dollars. Our Commercial Bankers serve these clients by operating in 14 of the 15 top U.S. major markets. Our professionals' industry knowledge and experience combined with our dedicated service model, comprehensive solutions, and local expertise to make us the #1 commercial bank in our retail branch footprint. Wholesale Loans Technology group (part of Commercial Banking) supports Commercial Lending activities (Bi- Lateral or Multi- Lateral Loans) for multiple lines of businesses of JP Morgan Chase. Roles & Responsibility: This role is for a technically hands- on application developer for the Wholesale Loan Technology Specialty Loans team. You will work directly with business partners, other technology teams, and vendors. You will participate in all phases of the software development life cycle to implement solutions to meet business needs, provide application support, and ensure proper technology controls and application documentation As a hands- on technologist you need to be engaged in projects, perform code reviews and work with the team on analysis, design, coding, quality assurance and release management activities. Resolve impediments and coach/ mentor the team on best practices. In addition, the role requires you to gain functional knowledge of the business, products and processes to support the business. This knowledge is required to liaise with the product owners, program managers and stake holders of the projects. Qualifications: Bachelors or Master's Degree - preferably in Computer Science 6 years of IT development experience. Very Strong in Core Java Extensive experience with UM / MQ Messaging Solid object oriented design, coding, testing, and debugging skills Knowledge of version control practices and procedures Detail oriented with strong communication skills, organizational skills, problem solving and decision making abilities Flexible ability to work after hours to implement technical changes Strong ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously and prioritize work efforts Ability to learn quickly and work well under pressure Ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment Desired Skills: Min 5 years experience working in a financial services environment including knowledge of Loans & accounting principles Experience in application testing and monitoring frameworks: QTP, Geneos, Fitnesse, Selenium etc. Knowledge and experience working in an Agile environment. Previous experience with the Agency Loans and Loan Trading busines 
