Req ID: 5290 At NTT DATA Services, we know that with the right people on board, anything is possible. The quality, integrity, and commitment of our employees are key factors in our company s growth, market presence and our ability to help our clients stay a step ahead of the competition. By hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally, we ensure a bright future for NTT DATA Services and for the people who work here. NTT DATA Services currently seeks a Software Dev Analyst to join our team in Chennai, Tamil N du (IN- TN), India (IN). Preferred candidate shall &bull; Writes efficient, re- usable, optimal, and well documented code. &bull; Designs, codes, tests and documents software programs for systems of the moderate to high complexity and engages in peer code reviews. &bull; Perform architecture, design and review of development policies for adherence to standards and best practices &bull; Participates in client/ external interactions on technical matters. &bull; Drives engineering processes for the project such as build automation, unit testing, software configuration management and packaging. &bull; Being a team player and adhering to project schedule. &bull; Writing code enhancements and supporting existing code. &bull; Providing guidance to junior developers in the team &bull; Should have good logical skills and experience in delivering good quality code. &bull; Provide software solutions to customer issues and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements / new tools. &bull; Interacts with business users, I/ T, vendors and customers to Identify potential tasks with production teams, customers and implement Robotic Process Automation including other applicable technologies for current and future application requirements This position is only available to those interested in direct staff employment opportunities with NTT DATA, Inc. or its subsidiaries. Please note, 1099 or corp- 2- corp contractors or the equivalent will NOT be considered. We offer a full comprehensive benefits package that starts from your first day of employment. About NTT DATA Services NTT DATA Services partners with clients to navigate and simplify the modern complexities of business and technology, delivering the insights, solutions and outcomes that matter most. We deliver tangible business results by combining deep industry expertise with applied innovations in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. NTT DATA Services, headquartered in Plano, Texas, is a division of NTT DATA Corporation, a top 10 global business and IT services provider with 100, 000 professionals in more than 50 countries, and NTT Group, a partner to 85 percent of the Fortune 100. Visit nttdataservices.com to learn more. NTT DATA, Inc. (the Company ) is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law. To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result. Job Segment: Developer, Consulting, Cloud, Testing, Technology 
