Senior Software Developer - Risk Management (7-15 yrs) Key Accountabilities: - Assist the architect in defining and communicating development standards to the development team. - To work with architect and development manager in evaluating new technologies and evolving the technical roadmap. - To sufficiently learn the business domain to make informed design decisions. - To act as a champion for best development practices. - To be an example to the team of good quality design, code, and process. - To promote continual learning. - To ensure all designs lead to maintainable and efficient solutions. - Lead code reviews, ensuring standards are maintained. - Mentor and support other software developers on the team. - Work with other members of the team to leverage your skills. Skills and Experience: - To perform Analysis Design and coding to a very high level of quality. - 5+ years of software application development in C++, OO Analysis Design. - 5+ years of software application development in JVM language C# or Java, OO Analysis Design. - Proven knowledge in scripting languages such as: Python, Ruby - Experience in coding Go. - Experience in using a In Memory Data Grid framework such as Apache Ignite, Hazelcast, Apache Gem Fire. - Development of the full stack technologies using Angular 2. - 5+ years- experience with automated testing frameworks. - 3+ years of Agile software experience. - 3+ years experience of thought leadership and performing code reviews. - Knowledge of software design principals. - Proven ability in professional software development life cycle. - Excellent levels of ability in written and spoken English. - Proven excellence in written and verbal communication skills. - Proven excellence in collaborating with internal and external clients in a professional manner. - Degree in Computing Science or Software Engineering, and/or equivalent work experience. - Numerate: being able to design and implement a solution from a mathematical specification. - Knowledge of SQL. - Training in a Mathematical discipline - Proven ability to design high performance and scalable solutions. - Use of JIRA and related development process tools. - Experience in micro service architecture - Track record of successfully providing application development and support for mission critical/real-time software - Financial market experience - Financial risk experience including the development of pricing and simulation models. 
