Position : Senior Engineer - Quality Assurance Location: Chakan,Pune Job Description & Summary: To plan, organize and control the activities of the Quality Assurance function at assigned area. Responsible for defining, implementing, monitoring & improving quality systems defined. Primary focus should be adherence to defined process guide lines / standards. Key Responsibilities: Monitoring Quality Review of customer complaints Containment action & communication Periodic review of SPC methods & results generate action plans for improvement Strengthening the QA team by providing the timely information & monitoring the effectiveness. Getting qualitative work done from flexible manpower, imparting necessary to flexible manpower for skill up gradation. Standardization of inspection methods in-line with customer (if any) through MSA Rejections & defects at the shop floor product wise process wise & evolve action plan for improvements along with respective process owners. Initiating actions to improve on product and process quality and ensuring implementation of the same. Initiate & implement actions for measuring, monitoring & improving process capability Customer interface and monitoring & analysing customer feedback for both internal & external customers & initiate counter measures for improvements. To manage periodic process / product audits to ensure the parts meeting the customer requirements. Monitor the effectiveness of Corrections and corrective actions implemented Daily review of Set-up, In-process & PDI inspection findings & taking the decisions. Monitoring & reviewing the teams performance against the targets set Optimum utilization of resources to deliver the desired output. Quality Systems & Initiatives Candidate should be familiar with QMS. Sustain & Improve the Quality Systems in line with ISO 9001-2008, ISO 9001 2015 , TS16949 Monitor the Documentation & Implementation of Quality system in terms of writing & Implementation of work Instructions, SOP etc Initiate & actively lead & participate in all quality initiatives Desired Skills and Experience: A Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering (Gen , Auto) or Diploma in Mechanical engineering. Candidate should have minimum 5 years of experience for Graduate and 8 years of experience in Quality functions with the background of High pressure die casting and precision machining for Diploma holders. Knowledge in painting / powder coating process is an added advantage. Working on Quality Systems with reputed MNCs or automobile industries is preferred. Knowledge & Skills required : Candidate Should be conversant with Problem solving techniques e.g. 7 QC Tools, DMAIC, 8D, DOE & Statistical techniques e.g. SPC, SQC, Sampling techniques Candidate Should be conversant with Quality systems e.g. ISO 9001 Good communication skill (both verbal & written) Soft skills Exposure in MS-Office packages (Excel, ppt etc) Personal Characteristics: Strong Customer centric approach Passion for problem solving. Learning & Listening skills Result oriented Creativity & innovation Initiative & DrivePlease refer to the Job description above
