About IBM IBM India's solutions and services span all major industries including financial services , healthcare , government , automotive , telecommunications and education , among others. As a trusted partner with wide - ranging service capabilities , IBM helps clients transform and succeed in challenging circumstances. The diversity and breadth of the entire IBM portfolio of research , consulting , solutions , services , systems and software , uniquely distinguishes IBM India from other companies in the industry. Business Unit Introduction : About GBS - As part of the rapidly growing consulting market , IBM s Global Business Services (GBS) delivers innovative business consulting , process design , systems integration , application design and management. Who you are : You will be considered as a technical expert in their field focused on the technical aspects of testing performance , load , scalability / capacity , networks and infrastructure. Specialists in this job role will have expertise in the planning , design , management , execution , and reporting of tests using appropriate testing tools and techniques. Handle complete Delivery with support Skills Performance and Capacity Management. What you ll do : Examining and evaluating performance criteria and standards compliance to ensure that new and amended systems , together with any interfaces , perform as specified. Plan and develop the test design during test specification development with focus on both the functional and non - functional requirements for testability against the technical acceptance criteria and quality metrics. Work with the Test Architect to define the test automation framework , methods and tools to uncover performance issues. Be proficient in utilizing performance tools , analyzing results , resolving performance related issues , including optimization and tuning. Test Specialists who primarily apply their technical skills in an internal or external client billable services and implementation environment How we ll help you grow: You ll have access to all the technical and management training courses you need to become the expert you want to be You ll learn directly from expert developers in the field; our team leads love to mentor You have the opportunity to work in many different areas to figure out what really excites you.Please refer to the Job description above
