J.P. Morgan is a leading global financial services firm, established over 200 years ago: o We are the leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. o We have assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide o We operate in more than 100 markets. o We have more than 243, 000 employees globally. Our wholesale businesses include J.P. Morgan s Asset Management, Commercial Banking and the Corporate & Investment Bank which provide products and services to corporations, governments, municipalities, non-profits, institutions, financial intermediaries and high-net worth individuals and families. Our corporate functions support the entire organization and include the following functions: Accounting, Audit, Finance, Human Resources, Operations, and Technology. J.P. Morgan in India provides a comprehensive range of Corporate & Investment Banking, Commercial Banking, Asset & Wealth Management, and Corporate functions services and solutions to our clients, executing some of the most important financial transactions and providing essential strategic advice to our clients such as the government, large domestic and multi-national corporations, non-government organizations and financial institutions and investors. India is a key market for JPMorgan Chase globally and our employees in India are a critical part of how we do business globally and are integrated within our businesses. Our Global Service Centers (GSCs) are strategically positioned in Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad to support the firm s operations regionally and globally. The centers provide comprehensive strategic support across technology and business operations processing to all lines of business and the corporate functions. The Technology team at our GSCs service all Lines of Business and Enterprise Technology in helping build and operate innovative industry leading solutions. The breadth of capabilities within the Technology team at the GSC enables it to support the firm in leading edge areas such as Digital, Big data analytics, Robotics & Machine Learning. Responsibilities: Requirement Analysis, Design and Planning: Analyze Business Requirements and identify potential gaps. Translate Stories / Use Cases / Acceptance Criteria (corresponding to requirements) into Gherkin Test Scenarios and re-factor the same as needed. Brainstorm with automation engineer to identify automation candidates and facilitate In-Sprint automation. Work with developers in designing a test strategy to integrate certain components of the application in the absence of a fully integrated flow Identify regression candidates from scenarios automated. Prepare Test Plans and test scripts Duties: 1. Partner with BSA and DEV for dependencies - to ensure In-Sprint automation with atleast 60% automate as you go. 2. Participate in planning and Stand-Up meetings with to understand requirements, define automation scope and plan for the same. 3. Partner with DEV to build page-objects for web automation scripts , api mocking, service virtualization and testing, data conditioning early in the sprint for quick turnaround in development. 4. Work on creating Features and Scenarios for each story. 5. Create step definitions for the Gherkins that include glue code and utilities coding. 6. Identify the common Gherkin and include it in the Gherkin dictionary 7. Demo automated scripts to team / product owner. 8. Facilitate CI for scenarios tagged as regression and establish automation code coverage 9. Analyze CI failures and work with Dev Team to log defects (as applicable) Defect Management: Log defects as applicable and follow up till closure. Perform a preliminary analysis of logs to pinpoint where the breakage happens Other: Participate in demo to product owner. Mandatory Skills: Over all 8 years of experience with at least 4 years of recent experience working with full AGILE SDLC as Scrum Tester 2 years of hands on experience with Angular JS testing using Jasmine, Karma or protractor. 4 years of hands on experience with web automation using Selenium along with Cucumber (behavior driven testing) Hands on experience in testing SOAP, REST, JSON services Hands on experience in Lisa Mocking and/ or Cucumber libraries for rest api testing. Strong QA mindset with hands on exposure to quality assurance processes, techniques and tool 
