To review, monitor and control all necessary Procedures and Systems for efficient functioning of Quality Assurance (QA) Department to meet cGMP (current Good Manufacturing Practices) requirements. To supervise the IPQA / Quality assurance activities and provide the necessary training as per requirement. To control and monitor all the activities of Quality management System (QMS). To review and approve the Master Formula Card (MFC), Batch Manufacturing Record (BMR) and Batch Packing Record (BPR). To fulfill the all regulatory / marketing requirements (i.e. Documents, Samples ...etc) To review and approve the Product Quality Review (PQR). To review and release the In-process and Finished Product. To perform the internal review of Plant and ensure the cGMP compliance. To review master quality documents like Site Master File, SOPs, Validation Master Plan, Annual Product Review, Validation and Qualification Protocol and Reports. To Authorize the Master Price List and Transit Release Form. To handle the Market Complaints, Change Control, Deviation, OoS, OoT and provide investigation Report with necessary Corrective and Preventive Action. To conduct Vendor Audits for Raw Materials and Packing Materials. To handle the Product Return / Recall and any Non - conforming Product Decision. To review, provide technical inputs and approve the Qualification and Validation Documents i.e. User Requirement Specification (URS), Installation Qualification (IQ), Operational Qualification (OQ), Performance Qualification (PQ), Process Validation (PV), Cleaning Validation (CV). To supervise the Validation and Qualification activities. To conduct and organize the Internal Audit (Self Inspection). To review quality control documents in absence of QA Person looking after QC activities. To handle the Customer and Regulatory Audits and Compliance. To perform the Risk Assessment of Manufacturing System and other supporting system and plan the mitigation in co-ordination with Head - Quality Assurance. To train the group on subjects related to the Quality / Other Functions with respect to cGMP and their implementation. To review and approve the Artwork and Shade Card. To review the documents provided by Contract Giver and its compliance. To review the Technical Agreement related to Customer (Local and International). In his absence, person nominated by his Head of Department will take charge. Interested candidates can send their resumes on hrm@amanta.co.inPlease refer to the Job description above
