IT - Service Delivery Manager Description : The IT Service Delivery Manager strategize , plan and supervises a number of key services functions that enable the delivery of a high - quality service to overseas customers , and to ensure Service Support and Service Delivery processes are in place to meet business needs. This position is a customer(in a B2B environment) facing role , and requires to establish and manage expectations within the business and drive team to achieve those expectations to a high standard. About the Job Maintain high performing service support functions for all IT Services offered to the customers. Owns the Incident , Request , Change and Escalation processes , ensuring high levels of performance in these processes , accurate reporting and establishing service improvement activities when required. Monitor , control and support service delivery; ensuring processes , methodologies and procedures are in place and followed. Champion Service and Support in projects and developing a strong understanding of projects impacting the service area and ensuring total service impact is minimized. Accountable for the quality of Services and performance , drive internal service review meetings covering performance , service improvements , quality and processes. Make recommendations for Service Improvement Plans and ensure actions are followed through to completion in a timely manner. Provide regular and accurate management reporting on IT Service performance Effectively deliver / manage Staff Management including recruitment , mentoring , training , target setting and performance assessment. Profile : A Computer science Graduate / B.Tech / MCA with 8+ years of experience in Software Testing or in Quality Assurance with a team handling experience. A passion for Service Improvement and is an experienced Service Management professional. Previous experience as a Team Lead or demonstrable experience in leading virtual steams will be a Plus. Possess excellent English communication skills combined with effective leadership and people management skills. Support and mentors the team to prepare the team members for next level. Should possess excellent customer facing / customer service skills , able to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Excellent organizational skills and able to manage sensitive and sometimes confidential information. Should be well versed with managing and prioritizing tasks and deliverables. Should take initiative and a proactive approach towards daily tasks. Experience : A Computer science Graduate / B.Tech / MCA with 8+ years of experience in Software Testing or in Quality Assurance with a team handling experience. Location : Manesar (Gurgaon) Description : The IT Service Delivery Manager strategize , plan and supervises a number of key services functions that enable the delivery of a high - quality service to overseas customers , and to ensure Service Support and Service Delivery processes are in place to meet business needs. This position is a customer(in a B2B environment) facing role , and requires to establish and manage expectations within the business and drive team to achieve those expectations to a high standard. About the Job Maintain high performing service support functions for all IT Services offered to the customers. Owns the Incident , Request , Change and Escalation processes , ensuring high levels of performance in these processes , accurate reporting and establishing service improvement activities when required. Monitor , control and support service delivery; ensuring processes , methodologies and procedures are in place and followed. Champion Service and Support in projects and developing a strong understanding of projects impacting the service area and ensuring total service impact is minimized. Accountable for the quality of Services and performance , drive internal service review meetings covering performance , service improvements , quality and processes. Make recommendations for Service Improvement Plans and ensure actions are followed through to completion in a timely manner. Provide regular and accurate management reporting on IT Service performance Effectively deliver / manage Staff Management including recruitment , mentoring , training , target setting and performance assessment. Profile : A Computer science Graduate / B.Tech / MCA with 8+ years of experience in Software Testing or in Quality Assurance with a team handling experience. A passion for Service Improvement and is an experienced Service Management professional. Previous experience as a Team Lead or demonstrable experience in leading virtual steams will be a Plus. Possess excellent English communication skills combined with effective leadership and people management skills. Support and mentors the team to prepare the team members for next level. Should possess excellent customer facing / customer service skills , able to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Excellent organizational skills and able to manage sensitive and sometimes confidential information. Should be well versed with managing and prioritizing tasks and deliverables. Should take initiative and a proactive approach towards daily tasks.Please refer to the Job description above
