Purpose of the Position : The purpose of this position is to ensure the availability of General Items, Indenting, follow up with the concern dept. and providing excellent internal customer service by attending to their needs in a prompt and courteous manner contributing to an efficient and co-operative working environment, whilst assisting the Store Asst. Manager in optimizing productivity and minimizing inventory. Job Responsibilities: 1. Filling the indents of Packaging material in ERP software. 2. Entry of all incoming Material in ERP. 3. Prepare Material Receipts at Store in ERP. 4. Preparation of intimation cum inspection slip on ERP. 5. Keeping records of packaging material. 6. Keeping records of quality control reports. 7. Maintaining records of rejection and disposal of packaging materials. 8. To update & circulate the pending indent report to all concern and follow up done every day. 9. To update & circulate the status of auto generates E-mail below the minimum inventory levels packaging material and follows up daily basis. 10. Maintaining Vacuum Cleaner, cleaning records on daily basis.. 11. Responsible to ensure that all packaging items are a;ways available in stock on demand by other departments. 12. Other Miscellaneous data entry work on computer. 13. Opening New item codes on ERP Software. 14. Any other task assigned by reporting manager. The responsibilities may be reviewed/added as per company requirements from time to time. Location: New Delhi Qualification: Any graduate Exp: 0 to 3 YearsPurpose of the Position : The purpose of this position is to ensure the availability of General Items, Indenting, follow up with the concern dept. and providing excellent internal customer service by attending to their needs in a prompt and courteous manner contributing to an efficient and co-operative working environment, whilst assisting the Store Asst. Manager in optimizing productivity and minimizing inventory. Job Responsibilities: 1. Filling the indents of Packaging material in ERP software. 2. Entry of all incoming Material in ERP. 3. Prepare Material Receipts at Store in ERP. 4. Preparation of intimation cum inspection slip on ERP. 5. Keeping records of packaging material. 6. Keeping records of quality control reports. 7. Maintaining records of rejection and disposal of packaging materials. 8. To update & circulate the pending indent report to all concern and follow up done every day. 9. To update & circulate the status of auto generates E-mail below the minimum inventory levels packaging material and follows up daily basis. 10. Maintaining Vacuum Cleaner, cleaning records on daily basis.. 11. Responsible to ensure that all packaging items are a;ways available in stock on demand by other departments. 12. Other Miscellaneous data entry work on computer. 13. Opening New item codes on ERP Software. 14. Any other task assigned by reporting manager. The responsibilities may be reviewed/added as per company requirements from time to time. Location: New Delhi Qualification: Any graduate Exp: 0 to 3 Years
