Purpose of the Position: The purpose of this position is to ensure the availability of General Items, Indenting, follow up with the concern dept. and providing excellent internal customer service by attending to their needs in a prompt and courteous manner contributing to an efficient and co-operative working environment, whilst assisting the Store Asst. Manager in optimizing productivity and minimizing inventory. Job Responsibilities: 1. Filling the indents of all General Items on ERP software. 2. Issue of General / Maintenance / Stationary / House Keeping / R&D department Items on ERP software. 3. Making Entry of Tax Invoice / Bills / Challan to purchase Orders. 4. Keeping records of MRS (Material Requisition Slip) file / work orders files and Daily Material inward file of non-Quality control materials. 5. Maintaining of cleaning records, Temperature / humidity record and record of issue of loan items in loan register. 6. Maintaining Purchase Orders records in purchase file. 7. Prepare and sending pending Purchase Order List through email to all concern dept. 8. Taking USR (User Satisfactory report) from concerned departments and follow to the concern on daily basis. 9. Keeping track of physical material received and issue of material & receipt acknowledge. 10. Responsible to ensure that all items are always available in stock on demand by other department. 11. Follow up of General Items pending Indent with purchase. 12. Follow up of Auto generated E-Mail below Minimum inventory levels and circulated the status to all concern on daily basis. 13. Circulation of General Items receipts Intimation to all Concern on daily basis. 14. To conduct perpetual inventory for General Items and statement submitted to RM on daily basis. 15. Any other task assigned by reporting manager. Location: New Delhi Qualification: Any graduate Exp: 0 to 3 YearsPurpose of the Position: The purpose of this position is to ensure the availability of General Items, Indenting, follow up with the concern dept. and providing excellent internal customer service by attending to their needs in a prompt and courteous manner contributing to an efficient and co-operative working environment, whilst assisting the Store Asst. Manager in optimizing productivity and minimizing inventory. Job Responsibilities: 1. Filling the indents of all General Items on ERP software. 2. Issue of General / Maintenance / Stationary / House Keeping / R&D department Items on ERP software. 3. Making Entry of Tax Invoice / Bills / Challan to purchase Orders. 4. Keeping records of MRS (Material Requisition Slip) file / work orders files and Daily Material inward file of non-Quality control materials. 5. Maintaining of cleaning records, Temperature / humidity record and record of issue of loan items in loan register. 6. Maintaining Purchase Orders records in purchase file. 7. Prepare and sending pending Purchase Order List through email to all concern dept. 8. Taking USR (User Satisfactory report) from concerned departments and follow to the concern on daily basis. 9. Keeping track of physical material received and issue of material & receipt acknowledge. 10. Responsible to ensure that all items are always available in stock on demand by other department. 11. Follow up of General Items pending Indent with purchase. 12. Follow up of Auto generated E-Mail below Minimum inventory levels and circulated the status to all concern on daily basis. 13. Circulation of General Items receipts Intimation to all Concern on daily basis. 14. To conduct perpetual inventory for General Items and statement submitted to RM on daily basis. 15. Any other task assigned by reporting manager. Location: New Delhi Qualification: Any graduate Exp: 0 to 3 Years
