Qualifications: Role & Responsibilities : This position focuses on all stages of SDLC starting from analysing the Requirements, Designing, Coding, Testing and Deployment of the Sales Platform components. Candidate will be expected to be very hands-on and pick-up domain knowledge. We focus on solving the problem and not to be tied down by technology choices - it is extremely important that you are open to learn & work with technologies that are new to you. Strong interpersonal skills and team spirit is required in addition to proficiency in verbal and written business communications. This job demands strong work ethic and ability to handle multiple priorities. As part of the team, you will be responsible for maintaining and growing a body of knowledge that is accessible to all team members. We support what we build - you will be responsible for post-production support on a rotation basis. It is very important that candidate is self-motivated and can run independently with minimal supervision. Primary Skills / Must have: We are looking for a passionate technologist who's ready to learn & experiment with a wide range of technologies. Ideal candidate will have: - Strong problem solving skills with ability to analyse and understand data. - Strong programming fundamentals. - Extensive hands-on experience with SQL. - Hands-on experience with Java Programming. - Should be able to demonstrate clear understanding of OOPs in practice. - Working knowledge of Unix/Linux, shell-scripting and Excel. - Salesforce SalesCloud hands-on experience is highly desired. If not, should be ready to learn & work on Salesforce. - Experience with Analytics, Statistics or Visualization technologies will be an added plus. - Ability to forge strong relationships and coordinate effectively with multiple parties. - Excellent oral and written communication skills, ability to communicate clearly and concisely. - Detail oriented and organized. - Experience working in a virtual or global team. - Self-starter and ability to multi task with a -can do- attitude. Secondary Skills / Desired skills: Perl exposure may be helpful. Shell scripting is good to have. 
