Business Unit Overview Fidelity Investments Management Technology (FIMT) is the business unit that provides application, system and IT infrastructure services for multiple Investment management and advisory businesses like Fidelity Management and Research Company (FMRCo), Fidelity International Limited (FIL), Pyramis Global Advisors (PGA), Strategic Advisors Inc. (SAI) and Investment operations across Boston, Merrimack, Raleigh, London, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Bangalore. Role Description We are looking for a Manager- Business Analyst with expertise and experience in assisting with gathering and managing business requirements. The role involves planning and monitoring, eliciting requirements and simplifying them for the engineering teams. It also includes requirements analysis and understanding the business value and benefit derived. The job profile requires continuous collaboration with partners, iterative and progressive planning and elaboration of requirements in an agile scrum setup. The business analyst also plays the role of a product owner in the scrum team, acting on behalf of the user and owning the deliverables end to end, following Fidelity best practices / methodologies, having a thorough understanding of the technology roadmap, design / development and release process, performing User Acceptance Testing, supporting production validation and providing on- call production support. This being a key role in the agile delivery team, the business analyst/ product owner is the go to person for all development and QA team members. As a manager- business analyst, the role is also expected to provide guidance to other junior business analysts and contribute to the product practice through expertise in the domain, product and product owner and scrum practices. Candidate Description &bull; A passion for technology and the financial domain with demonstrated ability to learn quickly &bull; Ability to work with multiple stakeholders within and outside FIMT for gathering and managing requirements &bull; Delivery focus with the ability to take full ownership &bull; Agile scrum experience of backlog preparation and grooming the same with the team. &bull; Experience working with development and QA team members closely supporting QA test case review &bull; Ability to understand the underlying systems, data and their inter- relationships &bull; Experience in User Acceptance Testing and Perform Demo to business on the deliverables &bull; Experience working with distributed teams in different time- zones &bull; Strong commitment to quality, documentation and engineering excellence &bull; Strong communication skills, problem solving and analytical skills and adaptability &bull; Experience in reverse engineering and understanding existing applications &bull; Good Understanding of financial services industry as well as domain knowledge &bull; Very good knowledge on Fixed Income Trade Life Cycle and Portfolio and risk management &bull; Substantial experience as a product owner for scrum agile teams &bull; Understanding of systems engineering concepts. &bull; Written and verbal communication, including technical writing skills. &bull; The ability to conduct cost/ benefit analysis. Behavioural Attributes &bull; Ability to learn and implement fast &bull; Ability to take ownership & show Leadership &bull; Excellent collaboration and Interpersonal skills &bull; Great attitude, being a mentor, team player and effective contributor &bull; Focused on productivity&bull; Engineering degree/ MBA &bull; 10- 13 years of relevant experience &bull; Worked as a business analyst or systems analyst in financial domain &bull; Dealt with multiple stakeholders as part of work delivery, worked in large cross functional teams
