1 . GROUP LEADER -MICROBIOLOGY Qualification : MSc in Microbiology Experience : 3 to 5years Job Profile: In-charge of Microbiology department Responsible for QA & QC of Microbiology department, Analysis, Training, Documentation as per requirements of regulatory, reporting results to customer. Should have hands on experience in Food and Water (10500/14543/4251)analysis Should have faced NABL, BIS audit, other regulatory audit and customer audits 2.Sr. Microbiologist Qualification : MSc in Microbiology Exp.: 2 to 3 years Job Profile: Responsible for Analysis of Food and Water. Should have hands on experience in Food and Water (10500/14543/4251)analysis Should have faced NABL, BIS audit, other regulatory audit and customer audits 3. Analyst - (GCMS) Qualification : MSc in Chemistry Experience : 1 to 2 years Job Profile: Responsible for analysis of Pesticides in Food and Water by GC-MS Should have hands on experience in handling, calibration, method validation and maintenance of GC-MS instrument Should have faced NABL, BIS, other regulatory and customer audits 4. Analyst - (AAS with Graphite Furnace ) Qualification : MSc in Chemistry Exp. : 1 to 2 years Job Profile : Responsible for analysis of Food and Water Should have hands on experience in handling, calibration, method validation and maintenance of the instrument (AAS) Should have faced NABL, BIS, other regulatory and customer audits 5. Environmental Analyst Qualification : BSC or MSc Chemistry Experience : 1 to 2 years Job Profile : Responsible for AIR monitoring on site Should have faced NABL, other regulatory and customer audits 6. Analyst - (HPLC ) Qualification : MSc in Chemistry Exp. : 1 years Job Profile : Responsible for analysis of Food and Water Should have hands on experience in handling, calibration, method validation and maintenance of the instrument (AAS) Should have faced NABL, BIS, other regulatory and customer audits1. GROUP LEADER -MICROBIOLOGY Qualification : MSc in Microbiology Experience : 3 to 5years Job Profile: In-charge of Microbiology department Responsible for QA & QC of Microbiology department, Analysis, Training, Documentation as per requirements of regulatory, reporting results to customer. Should have hands on experience in Food and Water (10500/14543/4251)analysis Should have faced NABL, BIS audit, other regulatory audit and customer audits 2.Sr. Microbiologist Qualification : MSc in Microbiology Exp.:2 to 3 years Job Profile: Responsible for Analysis of Food and Water. Should have hands on experience in Food and Water (10500/14543/4251)analysis Should have faced NABL, BIS audit, other regulatory audit and customer audits 3. Analyst - (GCMS) Qualification : MSc in Chemistry Experience : 1 to 2 years Job Profile: Responsible for analysis of Pesticides in Food and Water by GC-MS Should have hands on experience in handling, calibration, method validation and maintenance of GC-MS instrument Should have faced NABL, BIS, other regulatory and customer audits 4. Analyst - (AAS with Graphite Furnace ) Qualification : MSc in Chemistry Exp. : 1 to 2 years Job Profile : Responsible for analysis of Food and Water Should have hands on experience in handling, calibration, method validation and maintenance of the instrument (AAS) Should have faced NABL, BIS, other regulatory and customer audits 5. Environmental Analyst Qualification : BSC or MSc Chemistry Experience : 1 to 2 years Job Profile : Responsible for AIR monitoring on site Should have faced NABL, other regulatory and customer audits 6. Analyst - (HPLC ) Qualification : MSc in Chemistry Exp. : 1 years Job Profile : Responsible for analysis of Food and Water Should have hands on experience in handling, calibration, method validation and maintenance of the instrument (AAS) Should have faced NABL, BIS, other regulatory and customer audits
