TurnKey Solutions, the market leader in software test automation and test data management technology for custom and packaged applications such as SAP, Oracle E-Business Suite, Salesforce and WorkDay, is creating a new internal, cutting-edge UX / UI design and development group and wants you to be a part of it! If you want to learn new technologies, accelerate your career and work in a team of world-class individuals, we want to talk to you. We are looking for motivated team members with between 1 and 5 years of experience who possess the following skill sets: HTML5 CSS3 JavaScript JQuery JSON/XML  AJAX AngularJS Cordova Bootstrap In addition to the above, having experience with the following tools and methodologies would be helpful: Adobe XD / Photoshop Responsive web design methodology REST services layers  Very strong verbal and written English communication skills are required for this career opportunity. Knowledge of and interest in keeping up with the latest developments and toolsets in the UX design and technology space is appreciated. Experience working on UX for applications running on desktop, tablet and mobile is a plus.    Successful candidates will join our Gurgaon, New Delhi based R&D team and will assist in designing, prototyping and developing all-new products employing innovate new interface technologies for the software test automation and Quality Assurance market in DevOps and for packaged Applications like SAP and SalesForce. As part of a new team, you will get the opportunity to assist in defining technologies, directions and standards, and have direct input on the future of our products.    TurnKey offers split work-from-home and in-office work schedules, competitive pay and benefits packages, and much more. If you are ready to take your career to the next level and want to lead the pack instead of following it, please forward your resume in confidence to recruiting@turnkeysolutions.com.Successful team members at TurnKey Solutions work well independently, but integrate and coordinate seamlessly with colleagues in a team environment. The ability to be flexible in attending meetings in varying time zones with our international partners such as CA, as well as with TurnKey team members in the US and Australian offices is important and appreciated. Knowledge of Agile methodologies and experience working in Scrum teams, including the use of Agile Management Systems such as JIRA and CA Agile Central is a plus. All of us here at TurnKey value honesty and ethical behavior, believe in supporting each other, and in supporting our clients, our partners, and our mission. If you share our beliefs, we want to hear from you.
