Job D: This is an opening for Application Developer position with MS Dynamics (CRM) experience. This application developer will join a team of technical professionals that work directly with the business to build and enhance scalable solutions used in the Policy Administrative Development (PADC) Center within Product Technology (PT). This is a great opportunity to work with a dynamic team of high energy software developers on new and exciting solutions. Specifically, the Underwriting Team, provides support to several key stakeholders including but not limited to various Technology Areas as well as the Business and Risk Management Business Center (RMBC). We partner with these areas in creating and sustaining profitable growth through data driven, fact-based decisions. We use advanced analytical techniques to research, design, develop and effectively utilize our products. Job Requirements The Application Developer will require in-depth knowledge of Microsoft Dynamics and core technologies (C#, .NET, Java Script) to develop, integrate and implement business solutions. Participation in Agile-based concepts to develop solutions for Case Management (CM) and Workflow Automation is expected. As a lead technical position, they will have a key voice in establishing direction and providing guidance on how to effectively leverage and achieve business outcomes. This position designs, documents, reviews, and maintains components of software solutions for products. Evaluate detailed business, functional, and high-level technical requirements including recovery, security, audit, control, unit testing and continuous integration Acquires and interprets business requirements, creates functional specifications and determines the most effective/ appropriate technologies Recognize and understand use of design patterns for intermediate applications Designs, develops, tests, implements and maintains Microsoft Dynamics CRM based solutions Develop code for intermediate to complex modules, following documentation and development standards. Ensures quality and maintains performance of deployed solutions Works with stakeholders following various methodologies (Agile, Scrum, XP, Waterfall) Provide technical assistance and support in on-call rotation to resolve critical application issues Analyze and resolve moderate to complex problems Execute change management activities supporting production deployment to Developers, Quality Control Analysts, and Environment Management personnel. Job Qualifications Bachelor s or Masters degree in a field such as Computer Science or equivalent work experience Three to Five years of experience in application design and development Two to Three years of experience with MS Dynamics (ideally CRM 2015) Two to Three years s of experience with C#, .NET, Java Script, HTML and SQL Server Experience with data migration from external systems into MS CRM Dynamics Experience in designing and integrating MS Dynamics solutions including plug-ins and workflow entities Demonstrated ability to mentor others Strong written and verbal communication skills 
