Summary The Lead Project BSA will manage client deliverables relative to our multi-channel marketing engagements. This individual will serve as the primary liaison between onsite client staff and internal Epsilon technical delivery teams. As a key member of a project team, the Lead Project BSA is responsible for transforming high-level client requirements into detailed technical designs and supporting the resulting solution. Duties and responsibilities: Works to discover, analyze and document client business requirements, and translating those needs into system and process solution designs. Designs and manages integration test cycles for new system enhancements including the creation of detailed test plans, test data sets, and documentation of test case results. Analyze & test real time web service API based on REST and SOAP protocol for large transactional (OLTP) systems using extensive knowledge of ANSI SQL and testing tools such as SoapUI, JMeter etc. Coordinates closely with internal production teams and external client teams to develop and document operational processes and change management plans during roll-out of system enhancements. Interfaces directly with clients to assess ongoing business needs and translate those needs into systems requirements. Ensures high client satisfaction with change management planning, communication, execution, and service. Transitions final deliverables to the technical implementation team, ensuring they fully understand client requirements and details of the design and plan. Identifies, tracks and resolves project issues and risks. Employs consulting and systems development methodologies to guide daily activities. Provides one-on-one and classroom-based training on key solution components and processes. Shares knowledge with peers and other project teams. Mentors and/or manages small groups of other project BSAs.Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications 7+ years of business analysis experience around database marketing technologies and data management, and technical understanding in these areas. Bachelor's Degree in Business or Marketing disciplines or equivalent experience is required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Handles any size projects with little to no assistance. Strong knowledge of JSON & XML object structure. Strong experience with business intelligence technologies (e.g. Business Objects, MicroStrategy, Cognos). Expert SQL skills. Develops test plans independently. Takes on new tasks with minimal instruction and works well in a team environment. Ability to solve problems on the fly and work in a fast-paced, high traffic environment. Preferred Qualifications Strong knowledge of multi-channel marketing concepts and best practices. Experience in database marketing and/or data management solutions. Strong knowledge of database marketing automation technologies (e.g. Unica, Adobe, SAS Campaign).
