Manager-Holiday Activity/ Assistant Manager- Holiday Activity Job Position Details What You Will Be Doing You will Work in team environment and learn software development life cycle You will learn new technologies and develop applications which will delights our clients What You Need for this Position What's In It for You Staying on top of the latest trends in technology About us Mahindra Holidays Resorts India Ltd., (MHRIL) is a part of the Leisure and Hospitality sector of the Mahindra Group and brings to the industry values such as Reliability, Trust and Customer Satisfaction. Started in 1996, the companys flagship brand Club Mahindra Holidays, today has a fast growing customer base of over 170, 000 members and 40 beautiful resorts at some of the most exotic locations in India and abroad. Parentage Mahindra Holidays Resorts India Limited is part of the USD 16.7 billion multinational Mahindra Group. With over 180, 000 employees in 100 countries across the globe, the Group is also among Indias top ten Industrial Houses with interests in aerospace, aftermarket, agribusiness, automotive, components, consulting services, defense, energy, farm equipment, finance and insurance, industrial equipment, information technology, leisure and hospitality, logistics, real estate, retail, and two wheelers. Domain Expertise Over the last decade, MHRIL has established itself as a market leader in the family holiday business. The company has followed a two pronged strategy rapidly increasing its bouquet of resorts to provide more variety in holidaying options and enhancing its service levels to its members to provide delight at every point of interaction. All MHRIL resorts are totally geared to cater to a variety of holiday needs and experiences in all areas of operation, from housekeeping to food beverage to holiday activities. Creating and managing the holiday experience is a core strength. Mission Good Living. Happy Families. Vision We will be among the Top 5 Vacation Ownership companies of the world in terms of member base by Financial Year 2020 
