Key accountabilities: Translating customer (internal, external or regulatory) needs and requirements, using technical principles into realisable products, services, or systems and/or networks infrastructure in a timely, quality and cost effective way to ensure operational capability to deliver customer service. Assisting product and business representatives in the creation of new products. Assisting architectural resources in the design and documentation of solutions. Implementing solutions utilising the team's software development and lifecycle processes whilst recommending and implementing improvements along the way. Reviewing and approval of team inputs including Business Requirements, Solution Architecture, Interface Specifications, Test Strategy and Project Planning Documents. Reviewing and integrating all application requirements, including functional and non-functional, security, integration, performance, quality, and operations requirements. Also reviewing and integrating the technical architecture requirements for the development, execution, and operations environments. Contributing to planning and scheduling activities to ensure a balance between speed, quality, cost, dependency management and product owner feedback is achieved. Assessing and selecting software frameworks and products on which products are built. Producing High Level and Detailed Design deliverables.Degree level IT qualifications in Software or Systems Engineering. Experience 2 to 15 years.  Core capabilities / Technical skills: Hands on experience delivering enterprise grade software using Linux and Java technologies. Hands on experience with API integration, design and development using SOAP & REST (XML, JSON), version control (SVN, Git), container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes), micro-service development using lightweight Java frameworks and containers (Play Framework, Spring Boot) Hands on experience designing and developing high transaction, scalable solutions using software and networking technologies (Load Balancers, Clustering, Caching, Scaling) Hands on experience with Continuous Integration and Delivery pipelines. Enhancing and improving CI/CD capabilities to reduce cycle time while retaining quality. Hands on experience with Relational and NoSql databases (Oracle, Couchbase, DynamoDB, Cassandra) Hands on experience with Enterprise Messaging Patterns and Technologies (e.g. JMS, Rabbit MQ, Tibco, MQ) Software Delivery Methodologies, methods and tools such as rapid prototyping, Agile (Kanban, Lean, Scrum, etc), Iterative / Incremental, TDD and Waterfall approaches to delivering software. Experience supporting complex, high traffic solutions in a production environment using logging software such as Splunk & ELK 
