Manager - NPD @ Jalgaon, Maharashtra Company Brief: Jain Farm Fresh Foods Ltd., has recently launched few of its retail products and intends to introduce many more innovative and healthy FMCG products under the Jain Farm Fresh brand with special focus on natural and sustainable ingredients. We are focused to develop natural products without preservatives, artificial colours, flavours or chemical additives. We aim to add value to bring sustainability to farmers life. We promote good health and wellbeing of world citizens by delivering superior Nutrition and Taste through innovative products made by natural ingredients, global quality and technology. Position Brief: We are looking for Manager - NPD based at Jalgaon for our R & D Team. The scope of work for the position will include; New Product Development Raw Material Specification Kitchen Trials Plant Trials Competitor Sample Analysis Sensory Evaluation Shelf Life Studies Documentation/ legal compliance Key Responsibilities: Hands on experience in  Frozen Foods - Snacks, Curries, Regional Delicacies, Combo Meals, Puffs, Vegetables; Retorted Foods - Curries, Puddings, Rice Variants, Gravies; Indian and Oriental Sauces, Pastes, Chutney, Conserves and preserves and dips. Dehydrated Foods - Vegetables, Fruits, Soups, Spice Mixes, Ready Mixes and seasonings Design and development of new products, including prototype development, establishment of stability, cost and P&L calculation, carry forward with best feasible prototype for business. Participate in cross-functional teams to ensure successful completion of all new product development tasks and transfer into manufacturing. Application of both new and existing technologies, materials and processes to deliver the optimum product design ensuring the establishment of excellent standards of performance. Liaising with customers to understand their needs and to therefore optimize product functionality and performance. Plan, complete, manage and document trials in a three phase process from lab to pilot plant and finally on a commercial scale. Preparation of technical documentation in accordance with regulatory requirements and with the company's new product development process. Developing a high level of understanding in relation to internal customer requirements and expectations. Work closely with Quality, Flavour Houses & Vendors to explore innovative solutions to reformulate product matrix as per productivity initiative for business need. Desired Qualification: M.Sc/ M.Tech - Food Technology Desired Experience: 8 - 10 Years - preferably from reputed Food & Beverage MNCsPlease refer to the Job description above
