Join Intel as part of the Pre- Silicon technology group in iCDG Intel's Communication and Devices Group. We are looking for an experienced Platform Verification Lead.In this position you will lead and contribute to the verification and development of Intel's multimode cellular modem baseband 2G/ 3G/ LTE and upcoming 5G.Your responsibilities will include. - Lead pre- silicon verification activities for Modem Platform. - Develops low level tests to verify virtual platform, goal is to meet the behavior of Virtual prototype with HW implementation Functional and verify all paths exercised by SW use cases. - Analyze coverage gaps and devise strategies to fill coverage holes. - Work closely w/ the HW team and SW teams in determining the proper validation - strategy for new design, defining and provides feedback on Test Plans- Develop, participate and reviews validation codes for efficiency/ coverage and drive any paradigm shifts needed in Verification execution. - Define the verification strategy for specific IP modules as a function of system architecture and the expected use cases. - Define and code test cases and debug these test cases on Virtual platformDegree in Digital/ Electronics/ VLSI, Master is a plus- At least 10 years' experience in relevant Pre- Silicon validation position and must have gone through multiple project cycles to gather in- depth experience.- Proven experience in verification of IP's like PCIe, USB2/ 3, HW accelerator and Audio. - Very good understanding of CPU subsystem, Bus fabric and interconnect. Proven experience in verification in boot flow, power mgmt, trace and Inter core communication. - Knowledge of wireless communications systems and standards, including LTE FDD/ TDD and UMTS. Good understanding of LTE/ 3G and 2G. - Experience with C/ C , Python and/ or other simulation and modeling tools/ languages- Experience with System C architecture modeling/ Virtual prototyping is a plus.- Experience with Linux/ Unix operating system and with revision control systems such as Clear case- Self- driven and Team- player- Excellent communication skills in Englis
