As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device - SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Job Description Roaming Contract Specialist role SAP IoT Connect 365 makes it simple for enterprises to connect their IoT devices around the world, via mobile networks. The service consists of a virtualised mobile core network (HLR/ HSS, GGSN/ PGW, SMSC etc.). SAP issues neutral SIM cards to the enterprise. The neutral SIM cards hold a non- geographic IMSI owned by SAP and further IMSIs leased from mobile operators. The IMSIs on the SIMs can be remotely managed and updated. In this manner SAP can ensure enterprises devices are able to obtain the best data connectivity in any location and if necessary update the IMSIs to achieve this. As the service expands SAP needs to establish: Outbound sponsored roaming IMSI lease agreements with selected operators to achieve a global roaming footprint of 500 operators with a competitive cost base. Inbound roaming IMSI lease agreements with operators for on- net / national use as required to address permanent roaming bans, improving the cost base and fill in coverage. Roaming agreements as necessary to further fill in the coverage provided by the above approaches and further improve the costs base. Roaming agreements may also be required to allow devices to establish the necessary signalling to download the appreciate IMSI for use on a network. The role of the Roaming Contract Specialist would be to: Ensure SAPs commercial readiness to enter IMSI sponsorship and roaming agreements. Including setting up the necessary internal process necessary to establish and operate the above agreements. Establish what IMSI sponsorship and roaming agreements are required by SAP, the criteria for target operators. Draft the necessary IMSI sponsorship agreements. Successfully negotiate and complete the necessary agreements with mobile operators. This will include creating the necessary value proposition to present to target mobile operators. This would include the necessary IoT discount agreements. Plan and coordinate the necessary test to implement agreements, including but not limited to IREG/ TADIG testing. Arrange exchange of test SIMs. Prepare and maintain an activity tracker suitable to ensure progress of negotiations, agreements and implementations. Ensure SAPs agreements with operators remain competitive and negotiate updates as required to ensure this. Ensure SAP is effectively represented at appropriate industry events and meetings to support the building and maintenance of a competitive roaming footprint. In addition to the above, the candidate will also execute other contract management activities as provided by the management. Necessary skills & previous experience A strong network of contacts & reputation in the telco roaming business and proven ability to use this to achieve sponsored roaming and roaming deals on a global basis. Excellent commercial acumen Proven ability to represent an organisation at all levels & at industry events and meetings Capacity to support vendor selection and management In depth understanding of the technical steps required to establish roaming and sponsored roaming IMSI lease agreements, as required to oversee their implementation. In depth knowledge of the necessary agreements and processes required to achieve roaming agreements and sponsored roaming IMSI lease agreements including but not limited to: AA12, AA13, AA14, IR21, IoT agreement templates. Familiarity with the GSM Association Infocentre and knowledge of Official Documents and international standards relating to Roaming. Familiarity with Roaming Regulations Capacity to perform IREG testing and validate TADIG tests is a plus 7- 10 Yrs Legal Background is an added advantage. 
