The Team The Credit Athena Risk team within Credit Technology performs strategic development to meet Front office Trader s requirement in various areas such as pre- trade analytics, price contribution, risk and PnL, and trade execution. The development environment is firm s strategic in- house platform called Athena which is Python based system. The team will be an offshoot of the Global ATD Credit Developers and will be responsible to partner with them effectively. The Role A technically strong and disciplined developer, with a record of delivering high quality, well- tested solutions in a mature controlled environment, is prerequisite for this reengineering effort. The role will require an ability to attain clear understanding of Athena environment and of the unique design considerations that come into play in a diverse and highly interdependent systems environment. A high level of interaction with the business is required as application involved are revenue generating and directly used by the businesses in EMEA/ NA/ AP. Key Requirements for the Role Hands- on business focused technology agnostic developer who enjoys collaborative code development and problem solving and comfortable learning new technology Will work on JPMC s in- house Athena Platform for consolidation of various applications using Athena A very strong communicator work as part of a global team Develop a good understanding of End to End business processes Good at applying agile practices and a good understanding of Object Oriented programming & design patterns. Able to write the test cases. Code Review; clearly organize code and comment where necessary, to facilitate the peer review process. Whenever a code is checked in; ensure it is better than previous version in terms of efficiency or coding standard Requirements Exposure to Python is welcome Programming experience in at least one OO language (Java) Finance or Investment Banking experience is a plus Numerical literacy and a good understanding of financial modeling, P&L, and risk. An understanding of the credit derivatives business is a plus. A precise thought process and an ability to break a large problem into smaller parts. Experience tuning high- performance algorithms. 
