The Senior Production Analyst is responsible for building and facilitating the campaign deployment process, while maintaining a high level of quality control. The Senior Production Analyst will work in conjunction with the assigned Account Manager and production vendor on designated full service accounts. Duties and Responsibilities: The Senior Production Analyst works cross-functionally with Production, Account Management, and Technology on behalf of our clients to ensure successful email programs Building platform related solutions for full service customers. To include: participate in Client meetings, manage Client mailing calendar, asset review, campaign creation, internal UAT, oversee external UAT, change management, manage approval process, reports generation, QA, campaign scheduling, post deployment validation. Primary escalation contact for Client issues/questions related to full service email campaigns. Ensure overall Client satisfaction through timely and accurate completion of projects. Maintain campaign process and program documentation. Provide weekly account updates to BSA, Account team and/or Client. Attend recurring Account meetings (internal and external) Provide back-up support during Vendor outages Working knowledge of Clients business, goals/objectives, campaigns and how they use the Harmony, DREAM and DREAMmail products. Track Non-deployment activity and providing a monthly report to Campaign Manager and Team Lead. Update/create Knowledge Base Articles and Client case studies as necessary. Provide input on Campaign Solutions processes and template forms.Minimum Qualifications: The Senior Production Analyst position is a very hands-on role that requires an organized team player with 3 - 5 years relevant experience. Proven ability to prioritize multiple projects in a deadline driven environment Strong interest in interactive marketing is essential Outstanding communication, project management skills are a must Preferred Qualifications: Experience within the interactive industry is a plus English. Fluent reading and writing Working knowledge of: Internet, Word, Access, Excel, and HTML Knowledge of Internet space/various ESP Clients Marketing, Business Admin, MIS, or CS degree preferred Ability to communicate effectively with clients. Willingness to learn and ability to work Motivated to work in a dynamic, results-oriented Internet environment, focused on delivering excellent levels of service to customers. Totally customer oriented; willingness to stretch to exceed customer expectations Persevering and a positive mental attitude Willingness to work on shifts
