Job Description We are recruiting skilled electrical, mechanical or medical engineers to support design, development, manufacturing and scaling of our technology products. We currently have electromechanical products that use sensors and basic circuitry as well as a connected IoT type device for which we are recruiting support. What youll get: You will be integral to developing technologies and services that improve health outcomes for thousands of children in India and the world. Youll work with a passionate and skilled team driven to change the world for the better. You will be given opportunities to grow, lead and shape a company. We aim to develop your career. Salary and incentives commensurate with experience. Core Responsibilities: Design, Research, Development, Testing o You will work closely with the design and clinical team to design and develop electromechanical and internet enabled medical technologies. o You will design & test the electronics hardware & write firmware for new product. o You will technically evaluate the current product in terms of safety & performance. o You will identify opportunities of improving the current product and work on them. o You will develop automated electronics test jigs which will be simplify manufacturing and help scaling. o You will identify new parts and vendors for electronics parts which will reduce cost of electronics. o You will buy electronics parts and equipments and work closely with a Product Designer. Manufacturing o You would assist or lead engineering activities related to manufacturing and scale up, including development and implementation of quality systems, development of supply chain, cost reduction activities. Regulatory o You would be involved with regulatory requirements such as those defined by ISO 13485 or other quality systems. o You would write reports used for CE or other submissions. Secondary Responsibilities Given the nature of a startup, you may be involved with a number of other activities ranging from field research, clinical studies, sales, and representing the organization at various events. Desired Qualifications Candidates with these traits are preferred: o Passion about improving the lives of underserved and low income customers. o Relevant experience and a degree in engineering and product development. o At least 5+ years of work experience. o Experience with statistics, report writing and documentation, CE, FDA, ISO 13485. o Potential experience with pulse oximetry, mobile or telemedicine, sensors, PCB design. What BEMPU values in all of our team members: o Passionate about the mission and Delivers Impact to the Client/Customer/End User o Builds, Motivate and Develops Teams o Develops and Improves Themselves o Maintains Honesty, Integrity and Builds Strong Relationships with Other o Takes Calculated Risks and Learns from Mistakes o Solutions-Oriented, Action-Biased, Carries a Sense of Urgency o Driven To Develop a Sustainable Business o Big Picture & Strategic Thinking with Attention to Detail 
