POSITION SUMMARY The Lead Database Developers job encompasses a fairly wide range of responsibilities. Lead Database Developer will be responsible for delivery, development, quality of code and architecture. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS PRINCIPLE JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Delivery - Understand requirement and deliver as per agreed timelines and ensure quality. Apply knowledge and expertise to ensure resolution of issues/bugs seamlessly. Design - Do impact Analysis and create design spec. Manage and write unit test for relevant module. Review the overall product architecture to ensure technical feasibility. Respond to the issues assigned, do analysis, suggest work around, communicate and close issues as per the agreed timeline in order to ensure support availability. Development - Allocation of tasks to reportees. Write codes and also review codes of the team and ensure quality. Educate and encourage peer review process Mentor and guide the team and works hands on in areas with high complexity. Provide regular feedbacks to the team. Estimation - Analyse the requirement and provide most accurate estimate and deliver as per estimation. Knowledge Management - Document, share self experiences and lessons learnt in the common repository (wiki). Competency Management - Mentor the team to develop their design and development skills, Participate in hiring process. Ensure inducting the new employee to the team and bring up to speed. Train the reportees on estimation process. Participate in performance reviews, share feedback, coach and mentor performance. COMPETENCY STATEMENT (S) Compliance - Comply with the policies and processes of the Company and ensure the compliance of team. Accuracy - Ability to perform work accurately and thoroughly. Analytical Skills - Ability to use thinking and reasoning to solve a problem. Adaptability - Ability to adapt to change in the workplace. Leadership Ability to mentor, guide and lead the team with enthusiasm. Interpersonal - Ability to get along well with a variety of personalities and individuals. Time Management - Ability to utilize the available time to organize and complete work within given deadlines. Accountability - Ability to accept responsibility and account for his/her actions. Initiator Ability to take initiative. Problem Solving - Ability to find a solution for or to deal proactively with work-related problems. Team player Ability to be a good team player and also manage team effectively. Creative - Ability to think in such a way as to produce a new concept or idea. Motivator Ability to self-motivate and motivate team members. Interpersonal - Ability to get along well with a variety of personalities and individuals. SKILLS & ABILITIES Education: BE, B tech, MCA, M Tech, MSC computer science graduate Experience: Minimum 7 10 years of experience in relevant technology and industry. Skills: SQL/Oracle, Linked Servers, Replication, Mirroring, XML, Tuning Database & Servers, Linux, MSBI SSRS, SSIS, DB Reporting Tools, Deadlock Controlling, SVN, Query Analyser, Performance monitoring profiler.Please refer to the Job description above
