The duties and responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following: Establishing Quality Management System at site as per Mahindra Lifespaces QMS and Total Quality Management System requirements Preparation of Project Quality Plan, Inspection and Test Plans, formats & checklists for various building construction materials, processes & final products. To ensure that Project Quality plans, work instructions, general safety requirements and SOPs are followed during execution of various site activities. Responsible for setting up laboratory at site and ensuring testing of material as per ITP & Quality plan and calibration of all measuring instruments. Responsible for day-to-day inspection of incoming Material, RCC & Finishing activities as per relevant codes/specification, making reports & coordinating amongst Site Execution Team.  Responsible for review and acceptance of Manufacturers Test Certificate of bought out items and material likes cement, sand, aggregate, tiles, plumbing and finishing items. Responsible for sample collection, testing and approvals of material. Responsible for maintenance of internal or external Laboratory / Field test reports, Field inspection, material inspection reports and documentation of testing processes. Issue site non-conformities to Contractors for deviations in material, Process, product and analysis of NCs to establish the trend and root causes. Ensure effective Corrective actions are taken and the NCs are closed on time without any delay to the Project progress. Performance evaluation of the contractor along with Project Manager w.r.t. quality Conducting quality awareness, skill related training at regular intervals at site for Engineers, supervisors & workers on critical quality parameters. Developing innovative ideas / solutions, conducting trials at site to evaluate alternate materials, methods, techniques to improve the quality of RCC, Core and Shell and finishing works. Conduct Mockups for all activities at site and take approvals prior to start of any new activities. Conducting Surprise audits at site, co-ordination during internal audits, external quality audits Preparing daily, weekly, Monthly Quality reports and reporting to Quality Head as per requirement.Education qualification : B. E / B. Tech (Civil Engineering) (Full time) Additional Qualification : Internal Auditor in QMS ISO 9001 Years & nature of Experience : 8 to 10 yrs. experience  Desired skills and  desired attributes : MS office, Good internal customer focus; strong interpersonal and communication skills, ability to  work under pressure 
