The Digital Initiatives manager will be responsible For driving the Digital Initiatives for departments within Corporate Relationship Group viz Structured Finance Group, Corporate Credit Department, Strategic Initiatives Group and relationship teams. The individual needs to have an understanding of corporate credit and should be able to effectively gather business requirements and provide support to on-going as well as planned IT projects. The person will be working across a range of projects together with Business teams & IT partners. Key Responsibilities: Coordinate development of business processes and business requirement documents in collaboration with Business users Assesses the risks of various solutions and prioritizes competing business demands. Manages on-going relationship with business partner to drive satisfaction with IT. Engages with knowledge workers to incorporate usability and user interface needs when designing systems. Test all system deliverables for the readiness of commencement of UAT and approve commencement of the same. Coordinate development of User acceptance criteria and user acceptance test plan. Proactively resolves user satisfaction issues. Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Serves as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements flow. To co-ordinate re-testing of defects and issues with IT partners. To liaise with and assist each line of business regarding the test planning, testing activity, and test results analysis. Obtain all necessary approvals and sign offs from Business departments Provide first level support to the Business users in terms of training, assistance in operating the system and any clarifications. Manage change requests. Programme management manage multiple projects from conceptualization till implementation. Knowledge of relevant and recent technology areas in the BFSI space.Please refer to the Job description above
