Description The Operation Technology servicing team (OPT) moves quickly, efficiently and effectively on the right work for the business at the right times, providing end-to-end technology solutions for the Consumer & Community Banking(CCB) lines of business. OPT QA Team for the Operation Technology has an opening for the position of a Quality Engineer / Automation Application Developer   The Quality Engineer / Automation AD must have the skills and experience and be responsible for what is defined in qualification.Qualifications Must have Automation Skills   1. 5-8 years of experience in building and maintaining test automation frameworks 2. Strong knowledge of Test Automation Frameworks  3. Strong programming background  4. Experience with open-source test automation tools  5. Develop tests to address the full stack automation (database, web services and UI) 6. Experience with Agile tools and technologies (Scrum, JIRA, Confluence)  7. Solid experience in automation technologies, tools, and frameworks: UFT, JUnit, TestNG, Selenium, LISA virtualization, LISA automation, SOAP UI, Cucumber   8. Min of 1 year of application development experience with any one of the coding skills: Ruby, Java Script, VBScript, VB or VC++   9. Solid experience in test-driven development, unit testing, web service testing, Continuous Deployment and Continuous Integration technologies (Jenkins)  10. Good to have working experience in automating Gherkin scripts in Cucumber Framework 11. Any of the following test certifications - QAI, IIST, ISEB, ISTQB - is a plus   Desirable   1. Application development experience with any one of the coding skills: Ruby, Java Script, VBScript, VB or VC++ 2. Experience with Unix scripting Manual Skills  1. Demonstrate ability to read through requirement and design documentation and identify test scenarios for functional testing for OPT CTO applications.  2. Demonstrated ability to write quality test scenarios.  3. Experience performing in Manual & Automation test execution.  4. Demonstrated understanding of the different SDLCs.  5. Demonstrated ability to achieve comprehensive test coverage by understanding the test scope and approach of dependent QA groups.   6. Demonstrated ability to perform root cause analysis to identify and recommend test scope and test approach improvements  7. Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate updates on project status calls 8. Strong multitasking skills   9. Responsible for defect management including monitoring and reporting using ALM, JiRA  10. Experience with SQL  11. Give input to assess and forecast test levels of effort  12. Work with application development teams to ensure testability of functions and applications.   13. Participate in cross-functional discussions to review the impact of application changes from both internal and external interfaces.  14. Identify areas for improving efficiency, shortening of test cycles, and automation of test scripts  15. Interact with internal customers both onsite and remotely  16. Assist with design, development and implementation of test strategies and tools  17. Identify Test Environment requirements 18. Assist in creating and maintaining QA procedure documents 19. Contribute to Ever-green maintenance of Regression test script library  20. Interface with different resources in the workspace including development, business and analysts teams.   21. Assist Application Developers and technical support staff in identifying and resolving defect  22. Must have excellent verbal and written skills being able to communicate effectively on both a technical and business levelPlease see job details section for all requirements
