We are seeking a Business Analyst to join the Payments Processing team. This individual will be a part of the dynamic team of highly talented individuals and will be encouraged to contribute ideas, learn, design and implement. Key Responsibilities include but are not limited to: &bull; Serve as a liaison between Payments Processing Platform technology, Product leads, LOB leads and Operations Stakeholders &bull; Assist in developing requirements, strategy, scope and priorities. &bull; Analyze and document business requirements and produce detailed functional specifications. &bull; Analyze and document process flows and develop target state processes. &bull; Provide technical and functional support throughout the project lifecycle, including gathering business requirements, developing functional specification documents, reviewing SIT and UAT test cases, and supporting all the testing phases. &bull; Partner with the development teams to facilitate the build effort (e.g. ensuring build teams understanding of the specifications). &bull; Develop use cases, and partner with the business to ensure sign- off on all requirements, testing and implementation &bull; Develop and mock- up user interfaces and reports &bull; Facilitate implementation of new functionality through training sessions, demonstrations, and the development of appropriate documentation. Minimum 8 years of relevant Business Analysis experience &bull; Experience obtaining requirements from business users and subject matter experts, reviewing business priorities, and/ or analyzing options & risks. &bull; Banking domain Experience is a plus &bull; Ability to write and create detailed business and functional requirements &bull; Experience creating functional system requirements specifications &bull; Ability to interface directly with Senior Business Stakeholders and users. &bull; Intermediate level experience in MS Excel and SQL. &bull; Should be Detail- oriented, strong analytical and communication skills are a must. &bull; Ability to synthesize large amounts of information, and a curiosity to ask appropriate questions to fully develop business and functional requirements. &bull; Knowledge of software development life cycle &bull; Agile experience . Qualifications College degree, or specialized training or equivalent work experience Typically requires 5 years of IT work experience 
