A mid-senior level QA Test Planner has to ensure the responsibility for test strategy, test plan development and guiding the team for the functionalities execution, mitigation of the risks, checking quality in phases, update management , build a challenging and motivation environment. Have good hands on knowledge on System level testing, Firmware testing. Storage knowledge is plus. Can able to see the big and complete picture view of the product, it s risk and dependencies, goal, technology arena etc Have strong ownership for quality of his/ her deliverable (Test Plans or strategies) and proactive enough to identify gaps and do continuous improvement. Responsible for test strategy, test plan development and guiding the team for the functionalities execution. Review test strategies and see that all the various kinds of testing like unit, functional, performance, stress, acceptance etc. are getting covered. Come up with strategy in collaboration with other teams (Dev, Automation). Provide technical leadership and strategic direction to the team. Involve in customer escalations, and work directly with client to quickly resolve issues. Understand the business requirement, do his own research and then work with the development team to understand the weaknesses in implementation. Process Skills: Experience in use of Storage hardware(Servers, Storage and storage solution) Knowledge of RAID controller, RAID concepts preferable. Automation Experience on Test cases Familiar with storage protocols such as SCSI, Fibre Channel, SAS/ SATA Qualification: MCA, BE, BCA, BSc computer science. 6-8 years of professional experience in QA Test Planner experience in storage firmware testing and test planningMust have knowledge and experience in storage technologies in RAID and SAS/ SATA/ SSD/ SCSI. Prior experience in Server OS environment on File Systems, Storage Drivers, BIOS and Firmware. Experience with understanding and specifying test requirements. Experience in defining test plan, test coverage and strategy Excellent communication and documentation skill
