Define Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Methodologies for Digital Cockpits including Stand alone fully Digital Clusters as well as Integrated Systems (supporting Infotainment, ADAS, HUDs along with Cluster functionalities) Define test strategies / methodologies for all levels of testing in the V-Model Functional Validation of different functions of Digital Cockpit. Reporting, Tracking, Retesting and Closure of Defects after bug fix Automation script development & maintenance. Development and maintenance of tools for Test Automation to improve efficiency and quality Change management of test system configuration files Defines test methodologies in line with Functional Safety requirements / guidelines related to code coverage, branch coverage, etc Prepare test case specification for functional safety validation Design technical safety integration testing activities. Create and Review Functional Safety Test and Fault Injection Test Plan with stake holders Functional Safety Tests Verification and Validation on bench and vehicle Fault Injection Tests Verification and Validation on bench and vehicle Prepare test reports for Functional Safety Test and Fault Injection Tests Designs specific tests / methodologies to measure / verify Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) related to start-up time and run time performance Follows CMMI guidelines for creating and maintaining test documentation. Identifies, proactively drives and builds Test Automation methodologies Provide necessary support for measuring performance of test team by generating Monthly Metrics like Tickets Raised, Test Case Coverage, Test Cycle Completions, Test Execution Triages defects arising during testing and works with software / systems teams and/or partners to identify solutions / fixes for the defects Performs and maintains setup of test benches and test vehicles appropriately. Studies industry wide Testing Best Practices and evolving standards & implements the same to improve Testing effectiveness and Productivity Qualifications: Bachelors in Computer Engineering/science or Electrical / Electronics / Comm. Engineering Desired experience 3+ yrs of hands-on experience in Testing of Automotive Electronics and SW systems esp. in the area of Instrument Clusters and Infotainment Systems Experience in testing of AUTOSAR based systems, CAN and related Diagnostics Proficiently analyze user requirements and develop test cases based on functional specifications. Ensure 100 % traceability between requirements and test cases Experience in creating test strategies and methodologies to comply with Functional Safety and System security requirements Experience with Test management tools, Test Automation tools, Configuration Management tools (Perforce, etc.) and Project Management tools Desired Characteristics: Dedicated performer with the ability to advocate appropriately for product quality. Relentless learner with a dedication to learn new technologies and test methods Self-driven and Innovative to drive continuous improvements in Test process Resourcefulness in triaging problems and coordinating with multiple teams for issue resolution Strong written, verbal communication and inter personal relationship skills Eligibility Requirements: Willingness to travel 10% of the time Willingness to work in an office in Bangalore / Pune, India. Willingness to submit to a background screen and a drug test. 
