ABOUT US Syncron is the global leader in cloud-based aftermarket service optimization. Syncron provides global inventory management, global price management, order management and master data management software to manufacturing and distribution companies around the world. Headquartered in Sweden with offices around the globe, Syncron combines a passion for innovation, business process expertise, and a global collaborative workforce to deliver immediate value for its clients. Syncron is an equal opportunity employer. To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in India. If you want to learn more about this opportunity do not hesitate to contact us via email at careers.india@syncron.com. JOB DESCRIPTION Syncron is looking for highly talented and high performing full stack Software Developers to join our R&D team in Bangalore, India to lead Syncrons Analytics and Visualization service. You will be responsible for working closely with the Architect and Product Management to design and develop a world class Business Intelligence, Analytics and Visualization service that is usable by the entire product suite of Syncron in the space of Aftermarket Service Optimization. You will be working in a highly agile, scrum-inspired team dedicated to a particular service. You will design solutions, write excellent code and assist peer developers with code reviews. REQUIREMENTS Must have the ability to write clean, readable and maintainable code with excellent command of Java Must have exposure to at least one visualization tool such as D3, Highcharts, FusionCharts, Tableau, Birst, Chartio or similar Good to have knowledge of various ETL techniques and frameworks, such as Talend / Kettle / Flume Good to have experience with developing highly available & distributed software in a cloud environment (AWS) Should be well versed with Agile/SCRUM methodology Should be able to demonstrate the ability to troubleshoot performance problems Should have 5+ years of experience in application design, development, testing and maintenance  Should hold a B.E./B.Tech degree in Computer Science, Information technology or equivalent from a reputed college. M.Tech/M.S. preferred. Preferably, knowledge and experience in the following areas: Relational databases (Oracle, PostgreSQL) Analytical DBs such as Amazon Redshift / Vertica / Greenplum Knowledge of various ETL techniques and frameworks, such as Talend / Kettle / Flume Hands on experience working with Linux / UNIX based systems JPA/object relational mapping libraries (Hibernate) Good testing practices and test driven development Proficient in Java EE and web technologies Version control systems (Git preferred), Continuous integration tools (Jenkins) Exposure to DevOps and Continuous delivery practices Exposure to SaaS deliveryPlease refer to the Job description above
