Do you want to work in an exciting start-up which has all the ingredients to become an industry player. Do you thrive when faced with complex analytical problems. Are you naturally curious and passionate about learning. Do you want to work in fun, ambitious, talented and diverse teams in a growing and a professional environment. Speedbox is a logistics platform with API integrations, dashboards and an amazingly intuitive user app (available on Android and iOS both). Users can compare service providers, schedule pickups and track shipments from pickup to delivery. With free packaging, insurance and on-demand pickups, Speedbox is a one-stop shop for all logistics needs, that creates a user-friendly and hassle free experience. Speedbox serves a range of individuals, eCommerce companies, businesses, corporate houses, and many more! Speedbox is seeking to hire several software developers to join their passionate team in improving and expanding Speedboxs functionality and features. A developer needs an eye for detail and a heart for the big picture. They are seeking for hard working individuals who have an entrepreneurial spirit Whats on offer : A highly competitive salary upto 6L . This role offers a great opportunity to work in an organization full of diverse and multi-talented people, passionate about contributing their fullest to the organization. This role offers a chance to explore various other functions and roles to find their best fit Job Responsibilities Data structures and Algorithms : Backend development 80% of the role Write high quality code using .net OR nodejs Contribute to design process of various modules Conduct unit testing of code before checking in Follow emerging technologies Use both Windows and Linux servers Frontend development 20% of the role Develop new user-interfacing features Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated Structured and Logical thinking: Think analytically and simplify complex problems into actionable insights Own and prioritize work in ambiguous and dynamic situations Independent Execution : Operate as a highly organized, goal-oriented, self-driven, and motivated individual willing to view each challenge as an opportunity to learn, excel, and grow the company Own development and learn new technologies and languages Preferred Does this sound like you : Bachelors degree in computer science/Information technology 1+ years experience with Nodejs 1+ years experience with .net Experience in data structure and algorithms Experience using MongoDB Experience working with software applications managing API tools Significant contribution in projects or events at tech fests Displayed passion and responsibility in handing a tech project Strongly Preferred Experience using AWS. Experience working in a start-up environment. 
