Whats in it for you: Working for next generation entry platforms Being part of creating extraction as a platform for different content sets across the content organization. Lead a team that designs, implements and supports critical product solutions at S&P Global Market Intelligence. These teams work across different locations across borders.    Responsibilities :  Designs, develops, analyses, debugs and maintains S&P Globals software applications and technologies to meet user requirements. Develops, modifies and maintains applications that may be customized or standardized. Participates in the software development lifecycle (SDLC) as appropriate. What Were Looking For: Build and maintain a high-performance engineering team, guiding decisions, provide training and career counseling, and mentoring for peak performance of the team. Develop team-level leaders, define clear roles and assign areas of ownership, ensure clear priorities and high standards of accountability, and maximize cross-organizational alignment. Assign people to projects and monitor work progress against estimates Be the escalation point for resolving exceptions and clearing roadblocks. Determining how bugs should be resolved and which parts of the system should be rewritten if any. Own the integrity of solutions, ensuring best practices are followed, not just in technical design and implementation, but in the quality of the code.Basic Qualifications: 8+ years of relevant work experience in programming capacity or equivalent experience. 5+ years managing teams focusing on complex projects 5+ years of experience in design/managing and maintaining complex projects. Experience should include working with C, C++ or C#; Databases and SQL WPF, WCF, SPA, Unity, Dependency Injection Extensive technical training in new and emerging development technologies and design patterns. Extensive experience working in all phases of development cycle and within a team environment. Preferred Qualifications: Docker, .Net Core, MVC 6.0, Microservices, ETL, Real Time messaging Platform like Kafka, Sonic etc. Knowledge of NLP, Machine learning, Data Mining techniques TDD(Test Driven Development)
