Project Engagement Analyst - IT Information Risk Management (3-7 yrs) We are having opening for IRM (information risk management) for Bangalore location. Accountabilities - Act as the functional specialist for IT Information Risk Management (IRM) - Proactively review 's information security and related risks wrt threats and vulnerabilities, legal and regulatory compliance - Translate Technical, legal and Regulatory Compliance obligations into a cohesive collection of Security Controls and provides the respective stakeholders with the IRM requirements and its implementation methodologies. - Facilitate smooth conduct of Risk Assessment on Applications, Network& Systems, and Legal & Regulatory. - Coordinate in conducting VAPT (Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Test), Review VAPT results and recommend the risks to be remediated. - Work with Project Managers, Business Analysts, Architecture and Support Team to ensure IRM standards are being followed. - Incorporate Security in the Software Development Life cycle.Support the Prevent and Validate staff and IRM COB in education and awareness of Information security related issues and risks, and influence of behaviours of IT and Business staff as part of mitigating these risks. - Support in development of tooling to support IRM processes and ensuring this is fit for purpose. - Actively participate in reviewing and improving the Information Security Controls implemented in the organization. - Active participation in the Assurance and Architecture level discussions in the engagements. - Actively participate in IRM team and community meetings, representing IRM and Business interests in applying setting standards and policies for the Group and the businesses, leading to a fit for purpose, evergreen IRM framework. - Support maintenance and development of the IRM related Control Framework and related processes and procedures - Ensure that IRM continues to focus on risks significant to the Business, with emphasis on innovation. - Contribute to the quarterly Risk Management updates for IT and information management (IM) risks in IRM. - Ensure a successful response to the Information Management, Health & Safety and Guided Business Principles dossiers. - Serves as IRM functional expert for 's Business. Qualifications - A qualification in CISSP, CISA, CRISC or CISM Experience : - Must have previous experience in an (Information) Risk Management role and/or PCI implementation or assessment role. Experience : 3-7yrs Notice Period: 20days 
