Role Security Specialist/L3 Job Description The leading security organization, Tata Communications Limited, has an immediate job opportunity for Security Specialist and the position is required for Mumbai-India. Roles and Responsibilities: Support of L3 and above (specialist) level troubleshooting skill sets in perimeter and cyber security products such as Firewall, UTM, Proxies, IDS&IPS, DDoS , SIEM, Advanced persistent threats, DLP Hands on all IPS/IDS/Firewall/Nexus related hardware, systems, and software for network. Applicant should have hands-on experience on various network and perimeter security product platforms and the applicant should be able to demonstrate the same to the interviewer Conversant with Preventive and Reactive latest Network Technologies for protecting IT infrastructure. Experience in Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Test (VAPT). Experienced in installation, configuration, and maintenance of network services, equipment and device such as Router, Firewall, Switches, Load Balancers, WAN Optimizer, SSL VPN, DDoS, Web Application Firewall, Forward and Reverse Proxy Gateway, Web and Email Gateways, SIEM etc. Experience with Cisco, Radware, Arbor, Symantec, Websense, Bluecoat, Array and other leading platforms Plan and support network and computing infrastructure. Document and create knowledge base of network problems and resolution for future reference. Monitor network performance and implement network performance tuning. Strong analytical abilities and professional office experience needed. Advanced knowledge of DNS. In-depth knowledge of all protocol (TCP/IP, DNS, UDP and etc.) Exposure in Virtualization Security Architecture and Design (VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V, and Citrix Xen). Mentoring / training skills will be desirable. Good understanding of security development lifecycle processes Hands on Experience in Performing Large Systems Threat Modeling Approaches Knowledge of OWASP Top 10 and SANS Top 25 and how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities associated with each Knowledge of Specific virtualization platform attacks and exploits Run and Analyze the penetration test (Manual and Automated) and pinpoint the security issues and suggest countermeasures for security improvements. Demonstrated manual product penetration testing experience for example, you must be able to simulate a SQL injection without tools, simulate XSS attack, X-Path Injection, etc. Intimate knowledge and hands-on experience using various penetration testing tools like Nessus, Web Inspect, Nmap (Slow Scans, Service detection, OS detection, namp Scripts), BurpSuite, Nikto, ZAP . Communicate results and security risk to internal and external stake holders. Good communication and Negotiation skills Highly motivated with willingness to take ownership/responsibility for their work and ability to work both independently and in a team oriented environment. Highly customer focused. Adept at selecting and utilizing appropriate technologies to solve complex problems effectively. Ability to work within an multidimensional team Ability to learn new upcoming security attacks and tools Knowledge on domain understanding about the IoT, HVAC control systems, controllers, sensors etc hands on, sql, web, nmap, security Experience with defending network attacks using open-source and proprietary IDP and DDoS protection tools. Work with ticketing system for Network Operation Centre and Security Operation Centre. Experience/Skills Bachelors Degree in computer science or related IT field 6- 10 years IT security experience in operations Professional certification in IT security or network / systems administration is desirable (CCNA , CCNP, CEH, MCSE,CISSP, CISM, GIAC and others). Ability to adapt and follow the processes and guidelines Possess an impeccable work ethic and a high degree of integrity Good Analytical & Problem Solving skills Able to communicate with technical staff/management Flexible to work in 24/7 environments Willingness to learn & contribute as a senior team member towards assigned goals ensuring customer satisfactionPlease refer to the Job description above
