QA Testing And Automation Engineer Job - Alliance Recruitment Agency - International Recruitment Consultants in London, Dubai, USA, Canada, India Alliance Recruitment Agency QA Testing and Automation Engineer Title QA Testing and Automation Engineer Industry IT Educational Details Openings 1 Salary Range 0- Location Surat State Gujarat Duration N/ a Company Job ID Notice Period Occupational Category Workhours Responsibilities Key Duties Responsibilities: Functional and Regression tests of Windows and Web based applications Create object repositories, generic and project-specific functions and methods, re-usable actions and recovery scenarios for GUI and functional tests utilizing UFT (e.g. Selenium). Create test automation scripts/ suites based on specification/ test plan documents and understanding of systems in order to test new functionality Execute automation scripts/ suites during Regression test cycles; maintain them according to the requirement and application changes. Document and maintain Test Plans and Test Cases. Identify, prioritize, report and track all issues that arise during the project cycle Work closely with quality assurance team members and interact with developers in the process of testing software prior to its release into production Operate in a primarily test automation role Experience Requirements Desired Skills Qualifications Benefits Incentives N/ a Recruiter Sangeeta 04 Owner Pallavi Chawla -ADMIN Description Preferred Knowledge, Skills Experience: Foreign Currency Exchange and Trading Systems experience is a big plus Self-motivated with little direct supervision, assuring the quality of work and service for the tasks given is of the highest caliber and meeting or exceeding requirements and expectations. The successful candidate must be self-assured and well organized, be able to effectively analyze and estimate the work load, and provide projects' progress status to the team lead on regular basis. The candidate must have the ability to work with minimum supervision and be able to adapt to the fast-paced, dynamic environment. Should have experience conducting manual testing of financial applications Understand Quality Assurance Methodologies and QA Role Must have experience defining, creating, executing and documenting Test Plans and Test Cases Must have experience in design and creation of UFT/ QTP/ ALM structures: object repositories, reusable actions and functions, business and scripted components, recovery scenarios. Extensive experience in Functional, End to End and Regression testing 5 to 7 years Software Quality Assurance experience. Outstanding problem solving skills and attention to detail, strong analytical skills, excellent multi-tasking abilities. Must be able to think creatively about issues to find a solution. Excellent written and communication skills Internal Notes Created 10-08-2017 QA Testing and Automation Engineer Description: Simple2Trade Responsibilities: Key Duties Responsibilities: Functional and Regression tests of Windows and Web based applications Create object repositories, generic and project-specific functions and methods, re-usable actions and recovery scenarios for GUI and functional tests utilizing UFT (e.g. Selenium). Create test automation scripts/ suites based on specification/ test plan documents and understanding of systems in order to test new functionality Execute automation scripts/ suites during Regression test cycles; maintain them according to the requirement and application changes. Document and maintain Test Plans and Test Cases. Identify, prioritize, report and track all issues that arise during the project cycle Work closely with quality assurance team members and interact with developers in the process of testing software prior to its release into production Operate in a primarily test automation role Educational requirements: Experience requirements: Desired Skills:Please refer to the Job description above
