Senior Tester/QA Engineer (01) Job Responsibilities Working in scrum model collaborating with different global teams across geographies. Design, develop, implement and maintain automated test frameworks. Development and execution of automated test scripts. Development execution of functional, load, performance and end-to-end test cases. Create and executes test plans, using defined methodologies for manual and/or automated testing. Maintains and modifies test environment and configuration as needed, creates new test environments and configurations to meet test cases or problem recreation requirements. Documents test results, manages and maintains defect database and test case/script source control. Assists in the assessment and planning of test efforts required for new functions/features under development. Responsible for providing requirements and specifications for the automation of test cases. Efficient management of the lab resources assigned to the test process, include Windows XP, Linux, SANs and Virtual Servers. Proactively identify and communicate risks and issues with proposed resolutions and contingency plans. Contribute to the on-going success of the Test Team by identifying and suggesting opportunities for improvement via tools, automation and process refinement. Desired Characteristics 4 - 7 years of software QA experience including testing standalone and LAMP stack web applications. Demonstrate a clear understanding of QA processes/methodology and experience developing test strategies and automated test frameworks. Expertise in a variety of technical skills, including JAVA programming and scripting languages, database technologies, logical, physical, SAN and software architectures. Designing and writing test automation scripts including use of one or more tools; Selenium and JMeter. Well versed with Web Services testing using REST Client/SOAP UI. Good working knowledge of automated testing strategies. Ability to Liaise with the Product Programme management functions and Development functions to develop in-depth knowledge of the applications and program schedules. Good analysis and project management skills; planning, tracking and risk analysis. Good working knowledge of EMC arrays and SAN management, a strong advantage. Knowledge of Windows and Unix system administration would be useful. Hands on experience of RDBMS database. Outstanding analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent communication skills and experience working across different geographical regions. Salary no constraint for the right candidate Senior Tester/QA Engineer (01) (accepted formats: .pdf, .doc, .docx max file size 2MB onlyPlease refer to the Job description above
