Software Engineer (Dot Net MVC) - Contract Position Summary : We arelooking for talented Dot Net (MVC) developers and who enjoy challenges and aspire to work for large and interesting projects using the best that technology has to offer with at least 2-6 years- experience. This role will require excellent problem solving skills, a good work ethics, and the ability to work on a team or independently as required. For 6 months of Contractual Period. Key Technical Skills : - 2-6 years of experience in .Net development with MVC . - Strong in OOPs concepts and Good understanding of SDLC. - Expert in .NET Frameworks 3.0/4.x, JavaScript (jQuery), HTML5/XHTML, CSS3, JSON. - Expertise on ASP.Net (C#/ VB.NET), Microsoft Enterprise Library, Entity Framework, LINQ. - Good command on database designing, implementation, performance tuning on MSSQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008R2, 2012 - Must be able to work effectively both in a team environment and individually. Good problem solving and troubleshooting skills. - Should have exposure to different domain Accounting, Banking, Insurance, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Food & Beverages, IT & telecommunication & etc - Good hands on jQuery Ajax and Angular JS, Node JS, - Bootstrap JS are added advantage. Primary Responsibilities : - Writes, edits, and debugs new programs for assigned projects, including necessary records and desired output as per functional requirement. - Ability to write and execute unit test cases - Should be able to manage Team work - Professional Attributes that are important to this role (i.e., Communication, Written & Oral, Self-Motivated & Good Team - Player, Experience in client interactions) - Ability to multi-task with little supervision and good technical and analytical skills. - Able to work flexible hours, especially during product launches and production issues - Develop enterprise level commercial software in an Agile team. - Performs Coding and unit testing of software projects with high quality deliverable - Participates in tasks of higher level of complexity - Provides feedback on design and standards - Participates actively in code reviews - Demonstrate flexibility and teamwork in completing software deliverables in a timely manner - Responsible for completing other work requirements or tasks that are requested by management when necessary to meet the goals and objectives of the department or company. - Cooperate and coordinate with international teams Qualifications : - BE (IT/ Computers), MCA, MCS, - Bachelor's degree in Computer - Science, Information Systems or related field - Must have experience of an SDLC especially relating to build, release, configuration management and source control - Organized, self-motivator, great communicator, detail oriented and fast learner. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills at the business and technical level - Strong work ethics, commitment and team work 
