Job Description Send me Jobs like this Immediate Openings For Service Desk Voice (International Voice) If selected you will be working as a permanent employee for Trigent Software Ltd and deployed to our client location Work Location : Mumbai Mail : susmita_p@trigent.com Contact : 080- 22157000 Ext: 311 Job Description :- Must Have Skills: TICKETING TOOL EXPERIENCE OR KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED. Excellent communication skills. Service desk engineer skills: - Develop and maintain technical skills and understanding of the Service Desk. - Take ownership for the co-ordination, investigation, and documentation of customer requests, issues, and problems. - Will be the primary point of contact for the customer. - Ensures that correct resolutions are discovered and involves appropriate parties in resolving problems when needed. - Perform incident notification and escalation. - Perform timely follow up on incidents to ensure customer satisfaction. - Develops and maintains product knowledge, business, and professional skills by participating in on-the-job and other training courses. - Actively participates in preventive maintenance, by documenting common problems and scripts for customer support. - Develops and maintains knowledge of Incident Management Tool, Knowledgebase and of the Service Desk procedures and business environment. - Seeks opportunities to improve knowledge, skills, and performance and is receptive to constructive feedback. - Work independently and maintain a high degree of professional conduct at all times. Adhere to Accenture Core Values. - Have the ability to understand and successfully resolve problems using knowledge base tools and techniques. - Able to maintain a methodical and logical approach to problem solving even when under pressure. - Good knowledge / experience of supporting Microsoft Office applications. - Good knowledge / experience of supporting Active Directory & VPN Must Have: 1. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 2. Willingness to learn 3. Work independently and maintain a high degree of professional conduct at all times 4. Good Knowledge and experience of supporting Microsoft Office applications 5. Experience in troubleshooting & understanding Service Desk Issues & environment Interested please help with the below details to proceed further. Current CTC: EXP CTC: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: PAN Card No: Official Notice Period: Negotiated Notice Period: Present Location: Preferred Location: Reason for change: Holding any offers: Fine to work through payroll of Trigent software ltd: Y/N: Permanent employee/contract employee: Payroll company's name if contract employee: Your profile will be considered for further rounds after we receive an email confirmation from your end. Please note: If the above job opportunity is not suitable for you, please circulate with your connections, friends who are just waiting for an opportunity. Thanks & Regards Susmita Recruitment Associate Phone: 080- 22157000 Ext: 311 Company Profile: Trigent Software Limited Trigent Software Limited is SEI CMM Level 4 and ISO 9001:2008 certified company. It provides an Offshore Software Development company with facilities in the United States and India with global clientele. Our services include custom software development, offshore software development, SharePoint consulting, java application development, software testing services, SharePoint 2013 migration. For more details please visit our website www.trigent.com .Please refer to the Job description above
