Ready to make $60,000 USD while working for a global company from the comfort of your home? Eager to join a network of the most talented remote workers in the world? If so, this role is for you. Work for Crossover, and you'll earn the most competitive wages on the market and collaborate with the most skilled teams in your field. Job Description: Choose Crossover and you'll be given a leading role in the whole process of one or more of our enterprise class business software products. You will achieve an expert level of technical understanding of our products, and facilitate the supply of source, build, and test services. We expect for you to utilize your extensive experience to continually improve and redefine software development. You will consistently ensure quality and productivity by implementing automation wherever possible. Crossover provides security and networking software for small and medium businesses. At Crossover, we are centered on customer success. We pride ourselves on providing the security our customers need for success in their day-to-day operations. Crossover team members are set apart by our shared passion for using software technologies to ensure our customers' maximum success and satisfaction. Total compensation: $60,000/year Location: Global (remote) 40 hours per week The Type of C++ Software Architects We're Looking For: Crossover values a culture of excellence. We need software architects who are not only technically proficient, but also demonstrate the following qualities: Substantially superior productivity (2x), delivering the highest impact features, fixing the hardest of bugs, and automating the most inefficient of manual processes A willingness to embrace the concept of iterative development as the means for building excellent products Readiness to give all the effort necessary to do an excellent job - even if it means putting in extra time to research the problem you're facing Perfectionism: knowing how it should be done and not stop until it's done right Excellent communication skills (in English) Required Experience and Education: If you want to work with the best, you have to be the best. A successful C++ Software Architect at Crossover will demonstrate the following qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering (further education is a plus) 3+ years of experience as both a hands-on architect and a software engineer, programming in C++ on Windows environments programming in C# on Windows environments Substantial experience in network and driver programming on Windows, and Windows debugging Very proficient in networking, including familiarity with RFCs, network protocols such as IP, TCP, DNS, HTTP, SMTP, POP, IMAP, LDAP and others, internet web servers, mail servers, and other network related technologies Very proficient with Microsoft servers and technologies - including Microsoft Windows, Microsoft IIS, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft ISA/TMG Server, and Microsoft SQL Server Proficient in TDD, SOA, EDA, relational DBs (MSSQL, Firebird, SQLite) and design patterns Very good understanding of current enterprise software technologies and development practices/tools, including virtual environments, source control, remote development, issue tracking, build and test automation, and networking management Leadership experience in creating, deploying, and iterating excellent software A true "roll up the sleeves and get it done" working approach; No task is "below you", including testing your own work, and writing and debugging unit and integration tests Demonstrated success as a problem solver, operating as a result-oriented, self-starter Comfort "working virtually" with teammates and customers around the world. We're one of the few legitimate companies offering high-paying jobs that are 100% remote, work from home. You never have to fight traffic to the office again and you have the freedom to choose when and where you put in your 40 hours to be most effective each week. However, it is important to note that while you will work as a "contractor," these are long-term contracts that should be your only source of employment. You are not permitted to work additional jobs on the side. Please do not apply unless you are available to make this position your sole employment. To qualify, please provide a resume/CV demonstrating the required experience and skills. From there, to help us find the top 1% of talent, there will be a series of interviews and online skills examinations. We realize these are challenging and can require a decent amount of time - so we thank you in advance for your efforts.Please refer to the Job description above
