About MSCI For more than 40 years, MSCI s research - based indexes and analytics have helped the world s leading investors build and manage better portfolios. Clients rely on our offerings for deeper insights into the drivers of performance and risk in their portfolios, broad asset class coverage and innovative research. Our line of products and services includes indexes, analytical models, data, real estate benchmarks and ESG research. MSCI serves 98 of the top 100 largest money managers, according to the most recent P&I ranking.Position Overview: The Portfolio Management Analytics QA team is responsible for developing and implementing the validation processes and procedures for industry adopted financial instruments, statistics and reporting. Our goal is to ensure the 'highest level quality' and the 'fastest time to market' in the industry for financial products. This is an exciting role that lies on the cusp of finance and technology. As a key member of this team, the candidate will have direct responsibilities for ensuring that MSCI market - leading analytics continue to provide clients exceptional analytics quality and sophistication. The members of the Portfolio Management Analytics QA team work on complex issues, where analysis is required to determine the root source of problems and associated factors. The candidate must be detail - oriented and capable to perform multi - task assignments in a timely and independent fashion.Responsibilities: The candidate will learn about our clients' needs and validate the quantitative models that fulfill those needs. The members of our team have opportunities to contribute in a broad set of roles including: studying functional, non - functional and analytic specifications, developing test plans and test cases, verifying formulas and implementing and using automated test tools. The candidate will be exposed on a daily basis to the following topics. Knowledge of these areas is not required, however a strong motivation to learn is a must.Factor analytics Portfolio construction (rebalancing, backtesting) Performance attribution Automation framework for validation of analytics The candidate will also have responsibilities on a daily basis to a range of areas: Develop and extend independent validation tools which are used to ensure accuracy for all numbers produced by our analytics engines. Analyze and extend the analytics regression tests to ensure the complete and efficient coverage for all analytics engine statistics and asset types. Work with the Research and Analytics Development teams to evaluate manual and regression test differences, check requirements, and extend test case coverage. Ensure that all daily test processes are completed successfully and resolve problems with the assistance of the research and development teams. Desired experience and qualifications: Master's degree or PhD with focus in finance or a degree in mathematics, physics, statistics, or another quantitative field with a strong interest in finance On the job experience with Matlab / R, Python Some level of experience with other programming languages is a plus: Java, SQL, shell scripting Experience with Agile software development Familiarity with version control (Git) and issue tracking (JIRA) Must be willing to work in a global team environment Strong motivation to learn about financial markets Outstanding advanced mathematical and quantitative skills Strong written and oral proficiency in English Relevant work experience from or interest working in an environment that combines finance and technology Strong sense of ownership with projects Due to the great number of applications we receive for each of our open vacancies, we are unable to respond on an individual basis.To all recruitment agencies: MSCI does not accept unsolicited CVs / Resumes. Please do not forward CVs / Resumes to any MSCI employee, location or website. MSCI is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited CVs / Resumes.MSCI Inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is the policy of the Firm to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, disability, marital and civil partnership / union status, pregnancy (including unlawful discrimination on the basis of a legally protected pregnancy / maternity leave), veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
