Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building . Job Description: Develop QA/QC Manuals and Check List. Develop Work Procedures. Set-up QA/QC Organization for effective Quality Management. Monitoring project QA/QC activities during the Construction Phase. Setting up and monitoring quality systems including Quality Control Procedures. and plans for civil Construction project. Supervising a multi-discipline team of QC Engineers/ Inspectors on site .including a site Civil Materials Testing Laboratory. Perform internal quality audits. Conduct Regular Training in QA-QC practice to Engineers and Technicians. Handle all quality issues with project management. Identify new materials, technologies and work procedures for quality improvement. Responsible for implementing quality assurance/ quality control procedures for on-site activities & perform inspection functions from initial stage to finishing of work. Ensure all materials meet the contract specifications. candidates may forward your updated profile to Nibedita.goth@sattvagroup.inPlease refer to the Job description above
