Role: Tech Lead ASP.Net MVC and Angular.JS, DLF Phase IV Gurgaon Work Experience: 6+ Years Place of Posting : DLF Phase IV Gurgaon Salary: Up to 20.0 Lac PA. Higher salary may be considered for the RIGHT FIT No. of Positions: 2 Working Hours: 5 Days a Week Objective of the Role: As a key player, drive software initiatives with strong focus on implementation and work closely with clients to bring measurable results. Should be passionate for software development, delivery, and support of product and control systems in highly automated facilities and/or standalone projects. The individual should be passionate about working with the latest technologies in a fast-paced, agile environment, and definitely should be excited at the prospect of working with Supply Chain applications. Role and Responsibilities: Work Experience Excellent knowledge of ASP.NET (MVC), C#, .Net Framework 4.0, Entity Framework, Windows OS and API's, Visual Studio 2010, Unit testing within VS 2010. Very good in MS SQL 2008 and above. Very good knowledge of web-development technologies: HTML5, JQuery, Javascript. Experience using version control systems like SVN, Git. Proficiency with Web Services and Web Technologies. Proficiency with continuous integration tools and techniques. Strong in Data Structures & Algorithms, basic fundamentals of web technologies and scalable solutions. Documentation, demonstration and test cases for the Software. Knowledge of Java, C, C++, Python and Oracle would be an added benefit. Previous experience of developing independent product/applications. Strong written and oral communication skills - ability to write technical documentation Key Responsibilities Develop and grow in-house technology platform for managing automation equipment. Ability to mentor develop team while implementing best practices and improving the development processes. Creative/innovative: proposes system improvements and offers alternative solutions to the different problems that may appear and proactively seeks solutions to improve processes and applications. Responsible, quick learner, innovative. Must be an effective communicator, balancing business goals with engineering goals, you efficiently manage a communication with the business owner of a project. Ability to work independently and with large cross-functional teams. Contribution in forth coming projects Technical Skills and Knowledge Requirements BE/ B.Tech 6+ Years Experience in Software Development Life Cycle/ SDLC with exposure to complex landscape. 1+ year experience as software architect/technical lead will be preferred. Proven experience in development, testing, and implementation. Working experience on .net platform. Experience on PL/SQL and writing complex queries. Personal Characteristics High on Integrity. Willingness to do what it takes to deliver the required results. High Level of interest in developing passionate and high performing teams. Individual commitment to Excellence. Passionate about creating value and impact for the client. Impressive executive demeanor, a team oriented and collaborative approach. Excellent communication skills, including strong oral and writing capabilities.BE/ B.Tech/ MCA 6+ yrs exp in ASP .NET tech/ architecture. Hands-on PL/SQL and writing complex queries, designing and building complex enterprise applications with Agile Methodologies, APIs, Angular JS and CSS3. Estimate project dependencies, track/ mitigate risks to achieve project priorities. Monitor project progress, timely publish status report/ metrics. Resolve tech escalations, provide tech trg. as tech coach. Prior exp. of SDLC process for projects. Key Skills: ASP.Net, MVC, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Java Script, Angular JS, SQL Server, Web Services, C#, C, C++, PL/ SQL, Python, Windows OS, API, Visual Studio, Unit testing, VS 2010, MS SQL, SVN, Git, Data Structures & Algorithms, Scalable Solutions,
