Responsibilities : - Develop code in accordance with team standards - Build appropriate testing tools/scripts for code developed - Generate documentation for code developed - Participate in roll-out and support - Provide production support for the Tiered-BRP functionality with a focus on the Blaze Advisor Business Rules management system (BMRS)Production Support/ 60% fixing bugs on current versions of the software - Ensure the daily operations of the BRMS environment is running efficiently - Utilize tools and technologies to monitor application performance; develop tools and processes where none exists. - Provide technical guidance for one or more technical support staff members. - Provide design and strategies for defect workarounds and enhancements. - Assess outage recovery and fallout impact; provide status to the business. - Help support full systems development lifecycle for BMRS - Oversee sustaining engineering, production support, and post mortem management. - Serve as Production Support POC/SME for BMRS and system integration activities - Create technical documentation, defining process flows and/or code behavior. - Responsible for creating clear technical documentation defining process flows. - Provides off-hours operational support, as needed - Other duties as assignedKnowledge and Skills: - Expert Fair Isaac Blaze (BRMS) rules engine developer with 5.1-6.x experience. - Expert J2EE - Relational database experience (DB2, SQL Server, Oracle) - Strong capabilities writing SQL and stored procedures - Robust experience with XML, XSL - Experience developing with basic software engineering practices: requirements discovery, code reviews, UML, software testing - Experience with all stages of the software development life cycle - Strong Understanding of OO principles - Experience with Windows application development - Working Knowledge of the Microsoft .Net framework - Proven background in OOD: Java, and SQL - Real-time, multi-threaded software development - Source Safe - Web Services - Experience in working with offshore development teams. Must Have: - Excellent analytical, coding and testing skills - In depth Fair Isaac Blaze Rules Engine development experience - Ability to quickly and accurately perform troubleshooting and repair of applications - Ability to work independently and as part of a team - Ability to handle multiple assignments simultaneous -Flexible attitude to play multiple roles if necessary -Solid interpersonal skills, excellent verbal and written communications skills, and the ability to work well in groups. 2 - 3 Years of extensive Application Design and Development experience; -Good understanding of programming fundamentals, best practices and standards; -Strong appreciation of quality and programming practices that impact performance; -Understand and appreciate the role of Project Management and appropriate SDLC methodologies relevant to the organizational needs...
