This is Priyanka from Scaleneworks Talent acquisition team. I found your profile suitable and interesting for an opportunity with Scaleneworks . I have been trying to reach you. Kindly go through the job description below let me know your interest and availability. If you are interested kindly fill in the details mentioned below and let me know the best time to reach you. If interest please call me back ASAP. Total Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Degree/Masters with Year of passing: Notice Period: Current Employer: Current Location: Permanent role with client Summary of the Role:- Overall technical contribution of offshore deliveries and liaise with multiple teams such as development (BLR, NCE), quality assurance, OVH and ADP. Contribute and support towards setting up of Travel Intelligence Platform (TIP) locally and in OVH/ADP. Take-up all application management tasks related to project update JIRA etc; gathering, distributing, and organising project documentation. Provide support to nice based project manager and technical team members where required. Able to contribute technically to the project. Understand development/delivery issues and ability to spot them as they are taking shape. Identify any risk/issue in the delivery across all development streams, infrastructure and resources. Infrastructure and Capacity Planning. Incident recovery and problem analysis for the applications in scope. Supporting evolutions of existing and new products and components. Responsible for ensuring the team are following the defined process in terms of delivery and deployments Main Responsibilities:- Design and develop the data pipelines and assigned jobs using Spark/Scala/Hadoop on Work with the other team members and contribute in overall product design and architecture Understand the requirement specs from PO, participate in dev scrum, and individually work on development tasks. Work with team members, Dev Leads, Architects/Experts, Managers, counterparts in Nice, interactions with external vendors and ADP. Skills & Knowledge Technical / Functional and Managerial 3-8 years strong experience in Java field CORE JAVA. SCALA and Web services. Experience in Hadoop/Spark 1.4 onwards and Big Data technologies is a must. Delivered at least two end-to-end enterprise/SAAS Big data based solutions. Development experience on Hadoop technologies including HDFS, Apache Cassandra, MapReduce2, Hive, Spark (Mandatory) and Impala. Strong working knowledge in the server side programming using JAVA, J2EE and DBMS Technologies. NoSQL experience in technologies like Cassandra would be a great plus. Should have cracked problems on scale, performance. Experience in working on SAAS multi-tenant products is a major plus. Experience in OOPS concepts, design frameworks like Springs, Hibernate, XML, JSON, etc. Competency in professional engineering best practices and processes relating to software development lifecycle (scrum, architecture/design/coding standards, design/code reviews, unit testing, build processes, testing, operations, etc). Prefer with knowledge of Business Intelligence, Analytics platform or involved with certain component development of such platform. Exposure/Involvement of developing components related to Data Mining/Advanced Analytics/Machine Learning Solutions would be an added advantage but not mandatory Excellent collaboration as well as written and oral communication skills. Cloud/SaaS (particularly Amazon Web Services) experience desirable but not mandatory Development experience on Hadoop technologies including HDFS, Apache Cassandra, MapReduce2, Hive, Spark and Impala; on Java. Worked on Core Java and J2EE. Ability to write SQL Queries, Understanding of RDBMS, Knowledge of Data Modelling Concepts Knowledge of Web Services and REST API Knowledge of Dashboard/Portlet framework would be an added advantage Education and Years of Experience:- B.E./B.Tech: Minimum 5-7 years of experience Please feel free to reach out to me on the below mentioned numbers.Please refer to the Job description above
