Job Purpose (Job Summary): To work with project team on enhancing and supporting Informatica MDM and the associated data integrations for Invesco. The developer is responsible for the architecture design, development, testing, deployment and ongoing support of the system to meet business requirements. Development activities should be completed within expected delivery dates and should adhere to all Invesco development standards. The ability to communicate with both business partners and technology professionals is a must. Key Responsibilities / Duties: Design/ architect and implement end-to-end Informatica MDM solutions Design ETL mappings, Power center work flows, user exits, match rules, etc. Design and/ or understand complex data models Complete all tasks related to technical analysis, building and unit testing, quality assurance, system test and implementation in accordance with the IT development life cycle. Analyze requirements, design, build and test system components or amendments Always conform to documentation, coding and quality standards as defined Review, discuss and work within agreed timescales and feedback to project managers any variances arising as tasks are performed Understand client business and make recommendations and technology suggestions to solve problems and improve efficiency Understand architecture of applications in order to effectively troubleshoot problems and develop more efficient production processes Be prepared to carry out business analysis tasks to ensure that the development/ change meets user requirements and expectations Prepare for and support user acceptance testing. Perform quality assurance tests on the work of other developers. Prepare all necessary documentation and processes to enable ongoing support of the systems. Communicate with supervisors and management using clear, user-friendly terminology (emails, phone, meetings). Assist project and line managers in producing estimates for the development phase of projects and enhancements Provide On Call support for systems based on agreed coverage timeframe 
