carrie.murany@mycom- osi.com (Carrie Murany) 6/ 24/ 16 11: 48 PM QA Senior Software Engineer MYCOM OSI uses cookies to enable us to personalize your visits to our Web site. These do not contain any personally identifiable information. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser. The Latest Vacancies from MYCOM OSI Job Title: QA Senior Software Engineer Location: Gurgaon, India MYCOM OSIis an independent provider of Next Generation Service Assurance, Automation/ Orchestration, and Analytics solutions to the worlds largest Communications Services Providers (CSPs) , and counts 8 out of 10 of the worlds largest global CSP groups as its customers. With over 25 years experience, MYCOM OSI empowers Tier 1 communication organisations to focus on optimise their network, assure the quality of the services provided to customers and pro- actively manage their customer experience with the view to increase Customer satisfaction. It is recognised as a market leader as proven by a recent industry award 2015 Stratecast Global Product Line Strategy Leadership Award in Service Assurance and its involvement in the worlds most innovative 5G research centre, the UKs 5GIC. Both HP and Ericsson offer MYCOM OSI products as part of their solution portfolios. With a global presence and approximately 250 employees worldwide, MYCOM OSI has established itself as the leading provider in Performance Management, Fault Management, Service Management, Automation Orchestration, and Network Analytics solutions. MYCOM OSIs financial targets and growth are very ambitious and we look for new talent which can help us in achieving these. Description As a senior QA engineer, you will lead the efforts on test automation and perform high quality testing process on schedule and deliver quality results. Relying on your experience, you will play an important role to ensure testing environments are available on different platforms. You will mentor the junior QA team into adopting innovative and best in class test automation methodologies and tools. Responsibilities • High level of technical understanding of OSS/ NMS domain and MYCOM OSI products • Succesfully create and execute test cases • Establish testing environment preparation on different platforms • Monitor defects and drive to a solution to fix the defect • Follow the well- defined QA processes and workflow • Support deliver by providing test report information to the Project Manager • Ability to complete technical writing for develop installation guide • Provide accurate effort estimates independently for a release and testing strategy • Successful leadership abilities, including remote team members • Practical knowledge of system and software troubleshooting including logs investigation Skills • Working knowledge of Solaris/ Linux installation, configuration and operation • SQL and RDBMS concept and experience. Experoence with Oracle is a plus • Solid concepts of Java application environment • UNIX shell script. Knowledge of Perl is a plus • TCP/ IP network. Knowledge of SNMP is a plus • Proficient in using software testing tools • High level of compentence in software testing methodology and software development life cycle • Experience in Test Automation • Experience in Telecom domain testing- NMS- PM/ FM, wireless domain, IP domain • Effective communication skills • Excellent communication skills and command of English language (both verbal and written) Qualifications • B. Tech/ BE/ MCA in Computer Science or Equivalent • 5+ years of experience in software testing and test automation Please send your CV to if you are interested in this position.Please refer to the Job description above
