Job Purpose (Job Summary): Our goal is to attract, develop, retain and motivate the most talented people - those who care and who work together as partners across business units and functions. We value and promote diversity and inclusion in every aspect of our business and at every level of our organization. As a Sr. Performance Analyst the candidate will deliver complex investment performance and analytics results to business partners and investments. Key Responsibilities / Duties : Under the direct supervision of the manager, the incumbent will provide professional support to partners and investment managers through timely and accurate delivery of performance and analytics. Manage calculation and analysis of complex reporting situations using experience and performance reporting query tools. Coordinates and leads complex resolutions of issues or questions with internal operational teams, performance vendors, advisors, performance analysts and management as appropriate. Responsible for the completion of any specific report, resolution of any issues that arise during the normal quality assurance checks and communication of this information to all interested parties. Following the performance/performance expectations and understand the drivers of performance. Responsible for completing any special projects that the partners may request. The candidate will be responsible for being a subject matter expert for various system functionality and processes. Responsible to help define system enhancement and perform required user acceptance testing. Manages and identifies procedural or operational inefficiencies, recommends and coordinates process improvement solutions. Actively participates or leads special and strategic projects. Actively participates and leads performance reporting initiatives, operational improvements, system releases and enhancements. Manage sensitive and complex relationships and frequently interact with business partners. Manages and coordinates delivery of investment performance measurement support and resolution of performance questions and issues. 
