Understand requirements specification documents , work with the team leads to develop comprehensive test scripts & test plans that will be used for both manual & automated testing. Test script development for unit , functional testing , system integration testing , User acceptance testing. Review test scripts , test scenario coverage written by the team Create comprehensive test plan for various types of functional testing , non functional testing like security , load , performance testing. Present test plan and test stratergy to client; present test matrices to client to avail client's quality acceptance Implement the industry best practices of test life cycle and the entire test management Create automation test scripts Create Test Cases and various Test Matrices. Perform Functional , Regression Testing. Take complete ownership of quality of the entire project. Guide and assist the end users to perform UAT. QA the UAT issues fixed before release to users. Periodic bug reporting and test report Submission to PMO & ManagementMinimum 6 Years of experience in Software testing which includes testing web applications , windows applications , integration across applications and black box testing.Technical experience Includes: Good knowledge of manual testing , test case procedure. Hands on experience in Software Testing. Knowledgeable about the complete QA process Developing Testing related framework (e.g. Test data generation) Hands on experience of Automation tools like selenium , etc Hands on experience of non functional testing using tools QTP , Load Runner , etc. Strong Knowledge in Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) Strong Knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).Candidates must possess the following soft skills: Good interpersonal skills , committed , result oriented , hard working with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies. Good communication skills. Good positive thinking ability and able to work with any environmentsPlease refer to the Job description above
