Job Title: Quality Assurance Analyst Senior Job Code: Department: Applications Location : Hyderabad Report To: Matt Canavespe FLSA (US Only): Direct Reports: None Revised: December 2012 Job Purpose (Job Summary): To participate in the execution, verification and documentation of system integration and regression test cases for vendor software releases and or internally developed software. Key Responsibilities / Duties : Define, execute, verify and document test cases and results Report software release issues from the various test phases. Seek to clarify and clearly communicate issues or problems Work as part of a project team, escalating critical/urgent software release issues to managers Participate in the pre/post deployment tests Provide feedback on opportunities to enhance the system/application Adhere to standards set by the Invesco project methodology Participate in the development and maintenance of an automated testing methodology Walk through test results with business clients Provide guidance/support to junior Quality Assurance team members Perform production support when requiredWorking Conditions: Normal office environment with little exposure to noise, dust and temperatures. The ability to lift, carry or otherwise move objects of up to 10 pounds is also necessary. Normally works a regular schedule of hours, however hours may vary depending upon the project or assignment. Hours may include evenings and/ or weekends and may include 24 hour a day on call support by pager and/ or cell phone. Willingness to travel both domestically and internationally. Frequency and duration to be determined by manager. Work Experience / Knowledge: Minimum 5 years of computer software quality assurance and/ or software testing. Knowledge of the Mutual Fund Industry preferred. Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required: Strong analytical and organizational skills a must. A forward thinking mindset with strong interest in keeping up with latest QA tools and trends. Curiosity and persistence to dig deeper with a test to break attitude Possess the ability to find problems Judgment skills are needed to assess high-risk areas of an application on which to focus testing efforts when time is limited. Ability to adopt an end-user viewpoint, as well as a system viewpoint. Required patience, tact and diplomacy to maintain a cooperative relationship with the other teams (e.g. developers, designers, etc.) Ability to provide honest feedback on the quality of the application and the work of the Design & Development Teams. Strong business and application knowledge including nightly batch schedule and operation procedures. Strong interest in understanding the business requirements and focus on ensuring the application is delivering what the business needs. Strong MS Office skills. Ability to work with external vendors to test internal and external components of a platform Ability to communicate with global clients Ability to work with other IT functional areas that interact with TA Knowledge of TA products, legislation and compliance requirements Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) are required Experience with production support including: issue ownership, feedback to relevant stakeholder/ manager and solving the issue until completion Experience with helpdesk systems is a plus Formal Education: (minimum requirement to perform job duties) A Bachelor s Degree in Computer Information Systems/ Computer Science is preferred or commiserate relevant work experience License/ Registration/ Certification: (minimum requirement to perform job duties) None Competency Requirements Invesco Core: Please refer to IPMP manual for competence descriptions We are passionate about our clients success Working together, we achieve more We believe in the continuous pursuit of performance excellence We earn trust by acting with integrity People are the foundation of our success Reviewed By : John Powitzky Disclaimer: The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Incumbents may be required to perform other duties as deemed appropriate by the supervisor from time to time.
