Greetings from ASAP Infosystems  My name is Ms.Swapna; my specialty is to find Great & a Dream come true Job for every Job Aspirant in India. I work for a company called M/s ASAP Info Systems Pvt.  We have been in this business  since 1998. We work across various technologies and platforms representing both mainstream and niche competencies across IT industry. ASAP Quick Facts: o    ASAP is one of the largest IT staffing firm with 10,000+ hires in last 15 years for top tier  blue chip clientele o    Offices in 4 cities in India and 1 in office USA o    Employee spread across 18 geographies in India o    Employees converted to direct hire - 60% o    Current monthly hiring 85+ IT Professionals o    Currently 1500+ Service Employees  This is with regards to an excellent opportunity with us if you have that unique and unlimited passion to build world class enterprise software products that turn into actionable intelligence, do you enjoy working on some of the toughest software problems while growing as a senior technology professional? Do you believe that software products must operate 24/7 without failure? Can you implement an engineering discipline that embodies failure is not an option approach? Then we have the right opportunity for you and your career.  This is an opportunity of permanent Employment with ASAP Infosystems, and the employee will be deployed at one of our MNC client location. M/s ASAP info system expert advice for the moment we have an urgent opening for a  CMM Level 5 Company, Kindly read to find more details:- Skills : Automation Test Engineer Experience: 2 - 8 yrs Job Location: Hyderabad / Bangalore Only immediate joiners / not working candidates are preferred. We hope that If you are interested for the above profile then Kindly send us the following details (Mandatory) along with an Updated Resume / CV as soon as possible, so that we could process your profile for the same. Full Name:  Skill:  Total Experience:  Relevant Experience:  Contact number:  Alternate contact number:  DOB: Take home salary per month:  Expected Take home salary per month: Currently working/Not Working/ Serving Notice Period: Current Company:  Employment [Permanent/Contract]:  If contract please specify your primary company details with URL:  Required Time to Join:  Current Location:  Please let us know if you are holding any other Offers:  Are you willing to join our Client under ASAP Info Systems Payroll:  Ready to take F2F interview (mandatory): Pass port : Photo graph: Pan card: Pay slips:                                    Once all this information is recorded into our system, this will give us the ultimate challenge to work very hard on your Profile with our clients, We Pledge to assist you on the double & Get you started, sooner the better. Wishing you all the very best. In case you might want to get in touch with me for better assistance, please feel free to call me on the number mentioned below. I would be more than glad to help you. Waiting for your updated resume, Your Dream Job search starts once we receive your profile.  Thanks & Regards, swapna ASAP Info Systems Pvt.Ltd Ph No: 040 48127724 swapna@asapinfosystems.com |www.asapinfosystems.com |Please refer to the Job description above
