Summary Description: The primary role of this position will be to create and maintain a) SQL/ XML based data feeds from Invesco source systems b) User Interface, Workflow and Distribution functionality within third party client reporting system. This role is project based and deliverables will be based on business requirements. Primary Duties/ Responsibilities: Work closely with clients to understand business requirements and to gain a thorough understanding of the business processes. Communicate with internal and external customers, supervisor and management, using clear, user-friendly terminology (email, phone, meetings). Develop project estimates and manage project work plans. Ability to learn and adhere to department standards for design, development and quality control. Complete major deliverables including technical design documentation and implementation of business requirements. Prepare for and support user acceptance testing. Work as part of a project team, reporting progress and escalating issues to project management in a timely manner to ensure successful completion of projects / reviews. Complete all tasks related to technical analysis, building and unit testing, quality assurance, system test and implementation in accordance with the IT development life cycle. Provide post implementation support. Create and maintain documentation for systems and processes. Adhere to standards set by the Invesco project methodology. Take a lead role from time to time on small projects or specific elements of larger projects. Assist with developing improvements to team processes and procedures. Stay abreast of new developments and functionality in database technologies and client reporting. Travel may be required. Formal Education: Bachelor degree in IT related program is preferred or equivalent years of direct experience required. Work Experience: 3 years of SQL development writing complex queries and stored procedures with strong understanding of relational database design 2 years of XML / XSL experience as transport layer between systems. 3 years of system development life cycle experience. Solid experience in ETL and Data Warehouse methods and technologies. Solid experience working in project teams Experience with the following a plus: Agile / SCRUM application development. Working with a customized vendor based solution. ServiceNow Help Desk / Change Management. Query Analyzer and SQL Server databases. Siebel, Peoplesoft, or Oracle 11i Financials. OLAP Intelligence or Hyperion. Microsoft Office Products. Java SE. 
