Job Purpose (Job Summary): To complete development activities required to meet business requirements. Development activities should be completed within expected delivery dates and should adhere to all Invesco development standards. The ability to communicate with both business users and IT professionals is a must. Key Responsibilities / Duties: Complete all tasks related to technical analysis, building and unit testing, quality assurance, system test and implementation in accordance with the IT development life cycle. Analyze requirements, design, build and test system components or amendments. Always conform to documentation, coding and quality standards as defined. Review, discuss and work within agreed timescales and feedback to project managers any variances arising as tasks are performed. Understand client business and make recommendations and technology suggestions to solve problems and improve efficiency. Understand architecture of applications in order to effectively troubleshoot problems and develop more efficient production processes. Be prepared to carry out business analysis tasks to ensure that the development/change meets user requirements and expectations. Prepare for and support user acceptance testing. Perform quality assurance tests on the work of other developers. Prepare all necessary documentation and processes to enable ongoing support of the systems. Communicate with internal and external customers, supervisors and management using clear, user-friendly terminology (emails, phone, and meetings). Assist project and line managers in producing estimates for the development phase of projects and enhancements. Provide On-Call support for systems based on agreed coverage timeframe. Working Conditions: Normally works a regular schedule of hours, however hours may vary depending upon the project or assignment. Hours may include evenings and/or weekends and may include 24 hour a day on call support by pager and/or cell phone. Typically 11:30 AM to 8:30 PM Willingness to travel both domestically and internationally. Frequency and duration to be determined by manager.Qualifications Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required: Minimum 10yrs. Of experience working on the .Net, ASP .Net, Sql Server, Oracle technologies and ability to quickly understand the design/ framework for the existing applications. Enjoy challenging and thought provoking work and have a strong desire to learn and progress (motivated enough to self learn) Ability to pick up new technology independently Must have good organization and planning skills capable of managing own workload Be able to work under pressure and multi-task while remaining professional and courteous Exceptional ability to analyze requirements / problems and to propose innovative but workable solutions Team player Open minded, flexible, and willing to listen for other peoples opinions. Interpersonal skills necessary to effectively communicate over the phone and via email with a variety of individuals at all technical levels are required. Excellent verbal and written skills Basic knowledge of Capital Markets functioning would be an added advantage. Specific Technical Skills Required: Microsoft Developer : Experience with .Net, Sql Server, ASP. Net, Oracle Others : Design and develop .NET solutions Design and Develop Database Solutions using Oracle and/or SQL server Willing to learn standard tools at Invesco (Ex: Autosys, OBIEE, Informatica etc) Should be willing to learn the domain/functionality in the Financial Services space. Knowledge of service delivery and project delivery framework is a plus (ITIL/Agile) Good to Have Crystal Reports Infragistics Informatica Language : Proficiency in verbal and written English is required Formal Education: (minimum requirement to perform job duties) A Bachelors Degree in Computer Information Systems \ Computer Science is preferred or commensurate relevant work experience
