Description Software QA Manager JOB SUMMARY The Software Testing Manager is responsible for driving improvements and efficiencies across software testing teams. The Manager ensures that testers are adhering to best practices. The Manager will partner with development and project management teams (on and off- shore) on test strategy and planning to enable automation efficiency, to meet established test coverage and to meet critical timelines without sacrificing overall quality. ESSENTIAL Job Duties & Responsibilities - Assess and improve the QA metrics for Menlo Enhance and build the QA team (growing at 30% / year) Interface strongly with development to ensure unit test coverage in development occurs. Lower the QA count metrics at Client and in Dev Develop and recommend goals and action plans for approval by senior management. Identify training requirements for developing staff. Support and develop individuals in the team through coaching, feedback and mentoring to assist the team in accomplishing professional and technical responsibilities. Supervise, coach and mentor direct reports. Assign work to team members, evaluate performance and work to develop team skill sets. Manage bench and work with GM and VP, Global Delivery for pipeline and project planning Responsible for maintaining appropriate staffing levels. Monitor and control test plan execution, reviews, defect logging and resolution verifications. Improve and enhance the Automated Test offerings (Selenium, Xamarin) Monitor defects throughout each testing cycle for tracking and reporting (Jira, PowerBI). Ensure only high quality software is released. Provide ad hoc testing support, as needed. Provide subject matter expertise in regards to software governance, determining software development best practices and procedures. Support the documentation and validation of processes necessary to assure that software development and testing teams meet the organization s governance processes. Assist in test case writing as appropriate Improve Menlo s database- driven testing ESSENTIAL Worker Competencies Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, relevant/ related IT field or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Three years of prior Software QA Management experience Five years of prior software test management experience. Thorough knowledge of test best practices, methodologies and standards. Familiar with Agile software development methodology. Expert in Jira Experience in Microsoft Project, Visio, Excel, Word and PowerPoint. Experience in creating technical documentation such as functional requirements, technical standards, test plans Good knowledge of databases. Advanced verbal and written communication skills. Excellent organizational and leadership abilities. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work cross- functionally with other leaders. Decision- making skills including the ability to escalate issues, risks as appropriate. Works ethically and with integrity supporting organizational goals and values. Completes work in a timely manner and meets deadlines. Meets productivity standards and achieves key outcomes. Maintains confidentiality of information and uses information appropriately. Fosters collaboration toward a common vision and shared goals. Availability for occasional night or early morning meetings with Client or VP, Global Delivery Demonstrated experience with automation and performance testing is important.Please refer to the Job description above
