IT Production Services is looking for a strong technologist who desires to be a hands-on developer based in Hyderabad India office supporting global portfolio management, trading, research, and data strategy systems used by the Global Invesco business. This person must possess strong technical, communication, and critical thinking skills. It is a position that is important and unique in that it faces both internal business clients and technology professionals assisting with implementing tools and processes to achieve viable, appropriate, and sometimes market leading solutions to business problems. The ability to communicate with both business users and IT professionals is a must. Primary Duties/Responsibilities: Assist in maintaining an application issues log to capture any system or business process issues, enhancements, bugs or new business requirements. Assist and / or coordinate user testing, ensuring issues are resolved in pragmatic and appropriate manner. Review and agree enhancement requirements with clients. Adhere to standards set by Invesco support methodology. Complete all tasks related to technical analysis, building and unit testing, quality assurance, system test and implementation in accordance with the IT development life cycle. Build and test system components or amendments. Always conform to documentation, coding and quality standards as defined. Review, discuss and work within agreed timescales and provide feedback to support manager of any variances arising as tasks are performed. Prepare for support user acceptance testing. Perform quality assurance tests on the work of other team members. Create and maintain documentation for systems and processes to enable ongoing support of the systems. Assist with developing improvements to team processes and procedures. Assist with monitoring system integrity and data processes to ensure a high standard of service and availability is provided to clients for supported applications. Communicate with internal and external customers, supervisors and management using clear, user-friendly terminology (emails, phone, and meetings). Assist product and line managers in producing estimates for the development phase of enhancements. Provide On-Call support for systems based on agreed coverage timeframe.Functional Area Required Skills/ Experience/ Knowledge: Formal Education: Masters degree in Management Information Systems or Computer Science is preferred or commensurate relevant work experience. Formal business analysis training and/or qualification preferred. Specific Technical Skills Required: Programming Skills : A strong understanding and experience e in Oracle. Design and Develop Database Solutions using Oracle Familiarity in Unix is a plus ETL SSIS or Informatica is a plus. Willing to learn standard tools at Invesco (Ex: Autosys, Informatica etc) Language : Proficiency in verbal and written English is required Others : Server Operating/Platform - Familiarity with IIS, Windows Server 2003/2008, Active Directory, Unix, or Linux is a plus Should be willing to learn the domain/ functionality in the Financial Services space. Knowledge of service delivery and project delivery framework is a plus (ITIL/Agile) Qualifications Work Experience: Minimum of 6 years of proven systems maintenance experience using structured methods Understanding of relational database design and development life cycle principles. Solid experience of working in production support. Desire to stay abreast of new development tools and methods. Experience with a background in IT. Experience working in the financial services industry is favored. Experience with Agile project management software development lifecycle is favored. Knowledge/ Abilities: Enjoy challenging and thought provoking work and have a strong desire to learn and progress (self-motivated). Ability to pick up new technology independently. Be able to work under pressure and multi-task while remaining professional and courteous. Exceptional ability to analyze requirements / problems and to propose innovative but workable solutions. Team player. Open minded, flexible, and willing to listen for other people's opinions. Able to influence and build relationships at all levels of staff. Self-motivated. Capable of working with little or no supervision. Able to work independently or as a team player. Ability to establish priorities, meet deadlines, and concentrate on detailed information in a fast-paced demanding work environment, working both individually and as part of a support team process. Structured, disciplined approach to work, and good attention to detail. Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills (must be capable of communicating clearly and effectively to a variety of individuals at all technical levels including business users, IT management, and internal team members). Ability to work in a global, multicultural environment. Excellent communication, problem solving and analytical skills. Demonstrated maintenance of up-to-date knowledge in appropriate technical areas. Knowledgeable in relational database design and construction, include SQL/transact SQL and stored procedures desirable. Broad knowledge of systems and business processes in use for the Fixed Income Investments function. Understanding of Investments data and market data supporting investment processes. License/ Registration/ Certification: (minimum requirement to perform job duties) Formal ITIL training and/or certification preferred. Microsoft Developer Certification(s) considered a plus Working Conditions: Normally works a regular schedule of hours, however hours may vary depending upon the project or assignment. Hours may include evenings and/or weekends and may include 24 hour a day on call support by pager and/or cell phone. Willingness to travel both domestically and internationally. Frequency and duration to be determined by manager.
