About Invesco Invesco Ltd. is a leading independent global investment management firm, dedicated to helping investors worldwide achieve their financial objectives. By delivering the combined power of our distinctive investment management capabilities, Invesco provides a wide range of investment strategies and vehicles to our clients around the world. Operating in more than 20 countries, the firm is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IVZ. About Invesco Technology Do you like working with top Technology professionals where everyone has an opportunity to collaborate, share ideas and work on leading-edge technologies Do you thrive in an environment where you are part of a team implementing innovative technology solutions for clients and employees Invesco s Technology team is a global organization with 1300 employees working together to serve the business. We value everyone s ideas and input and provide opportunities to develop skills. If this sounds like a team you want to be a part of, read on to learn more about the opportunity to join us. The thing I like best about working in Technology at Invesco is the people. Every day, I am inspired by who I get to work with, not just in my local office, but around the globe. Technology Manager, Houston, USA . ETL Developer Job Summary The primary role of this position is t o work on projects that will deliver new innovative solutions for our CRM platform at Invesco. Data integrations are a key component to this CRM platform and we are looking for strong developers to augment our team so that we can meet the growing demand from our global business partners. The developer is responsible for the design, development, testing, deployment and ongoing support of the system to meet business requirements. Development activities should be completed within expected delivery dates and should adhere to all Invesco development standards. The ability to communicate with both business partners and technology professionals is a must. Key Responsibilities / Duties Complete all tasks related to technical analysis, building and unit testing, quality assurance, system test and implementation in accordance with the Technology development life cycle. Analyze requirements, design, build and test system components or amendments. Always conform to documentation, coding and quality standards as defined. Review, discuss and work within agreed timescales and feedback to project managers any variances arising as tasks are performed. Understand client business and make recommendations and technology suggestions to solve problems and improve efficiency. Understand architecture of applications in order to effectively troubleshoot problems and develop more efficient production processes. Be prepared to carry out business analysis tasks to ensure that the development/change meets user requirements and expectations. Prepare for and support user acceptance testing. Perform quality assurance tests on the work of other developers. Prepare all necessary documentation and processes to enable ongoing support of the systems. Communicate with supervisors and management using clear, user-friendly terminology (emails, phone, meetings). Assist project and line managers in producing estimates for the development phase of projects and enhancements. Work Experience / Knowledge Minimum of 5 years of proven systems development experience using structured methods Minimum of 3 years of experience working with Informatica ETL tools Education and Experience Required A Bachelor s Degree in Computer Information Systems Computer Science is preferred or commensurate relevant work experience 3 years of experience with Informatica ETL tools like Powercenter or Informatica Cloud Experience in performance tuning, identifying and resolving performance bottlenecks on various levels like sources, targets, mapping Experience in designing, developing and implementing extraction, transformation and load techniques on multiple database platforms and operating system environments Knowledge on SQL programming, SQL Server and data modelling Ability to explain complex technical issues in a way that non-technical people may understand Able to work in a global, multicultural environment Structured, disciplined approach to work, with attention to detail Self-motivated. Capable of working with little or no supervision Ability to react positively under pressure to meet tight deadlines Able to work independently or as a team player Enjoy challenging and thought provoking work and have a strong desire to learnAbout Invesco Invesco Ltd. is a leading independent global investment management firm, dedicated to helping investors worldwide achieve their financial objectives. By delivering the combined power of our distinctive investment management capabilities, Invesco provides a wide range of investment strategies and vehicles to our clients around the world. Operating in more than 20 countries, the firm is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IVZ. About Invesco Technology Do you like working with top Technology professionals where everyone has an opportunity to collaborate, share ideas and work on leading-edge technologies Do you thrive in an environment where you are part of a team implementing innovative technology solutions for clients and employees Invesco s Technology team is a global organization with 1300 employees working together to serve the business. We value everyone s ideas and input and provide opportunities to develop skills. If this sounds like a team you want to be a part of, read on to learn more about the opportunity to join us. The thing I like best about working in Technology at Invesco is the people. Every day, I am inspired by who I get to work with, not just in my local office, but around the globe. Technology Manager, Houston, USA . ETL Developer Job Summary The primary role of this position is t o work on projects that will deliver new innovative solutions for our CRM platform at Invesco. Data integrations are a key component to this CRM platform and we are looking for strong developers to augment our team so that we can meet the growing demand from our global business partners. The developer is responsible for the design, development, testing, deployment and ongoing support of the system to meet business requirements. Development activities should be completed within expected delivery dates and should adhere to all Invesco development standards. The ability to communicate with both business partners and technology professionals is a must.
