Talent Anywhere- About - Current Openings - 3G System Test Engineer 3G System Test Engineer We are looking for 3G Test System Test Engineer to join a growing client in Pune, Inida. Requirements • System administration level knowledge in Linux/ Unix (Redhat) MS Windows, including the configuration of DNS and DHCP servers. • Understanding of VPN and NAT. • Familiarity with signal generators, spectrum analyzers, BER testers, etc. • Experience of working within the ISO 9001 quality system • Hands on experience of configuring and supporting IP routers, cable modems and Ethernet switch management • SS7/ ATM and/ or any other switch experience. • Knowledge of Wire shark (Ethernet network analyzer) and/ or Tektronix G35 network simulator and TM500 Test • Mobile and/ or Trace Mobiles. • Knowledge/ understanding of Ethernet (IP/ TCP/ UDP) protocol, SRTP, Sonet/ SDH, ATM, AAL, SSCOP, SSCF- NNI, MTP3b, SCCP, STC, ALCAP, RANAP, GTP- U, etc. • Experience in UE protocol testing 4.5 years. Responsibilities • Execute system test plans for functional, stress and soak tests. • Set up necessary test equipment (such as a call load generator, 3G and GSM network elements and simulators and protocol analyzers) . • Undertaking testing of feature and regression testing of current releases. • Identifying, analyzing and reporting defects found using appropriate fault management tools. • Interface with development teams to clarify issues and resolve any conflicts. Skills and Experience • Strong understanding of software test lifecycle, testing methodologies and techniques. • Knowledge of mobile communication products and protocols • Demonstrable hands on experience of end- to- end testing of 3G systems. • Extensive hands on experience in UMTS • Proficient in interpretation of ETSI / 3GPP specifications (Rel99/ Rel5/ Rel6) and devising relevant tests strategies. • Ability to interpret protocol message traces and use them to diagnose problems. • Practical experience of IP networking, including configuration of routers, DHCP servers, etc. • An understanding of fault tracking, reporting and management tool (such as MKS, RCS, Clear Quest, etc.) and hands on experience of at least one of such tools. • A working knowledge of TCP/ IP and networking in general. • Ability to initiate and deliver creative, innovative and effective test solutions within a team of highly skilled test engineers • Ability to work independently and under very tight time scales. • Methodical approach to carrying out tests and recording results. • Self- starter with high levels of energy and drive. • Willingness to pull out all the stops to ensure a timely and quality delivery. Talent anywhere provides companies with comprehensive solutions to develop a global workforce. Our award winning model has been the most proven method for establishing and growing teams and offices in new locations. Since 2006, we have helped over 80 international companies deploy teams with over 2, 000 employees globally. Apply for this position Thank you for considering a career at Talent anywhere. Please take a minute to fill out the following form. After you have completed your application an email will be sent to you.Please refer to the Job description above
