Job Purpose: To help and streamline QA process in GMD and also helping to achieve Automation. Job Background/context: Currently GMD doesn- t have any QA members. That has resulted in some unfavorable incidents in UAT and prods which could have been prevented by the presence of QA. Also, currently there is some level of automation and Dev has created a basic level of test coverage. We need a matured QA analyst who can streamline the processes and work with Dev to increase coverage of testing. Role also needs to identify and fill opportunities in automation by either scripting by him/herself or coordinating with automation team. There is a good stream of onboarding planned in NAM and APAC in near future which is an immediate challenge Roles and Responsibilities Key Responsibilities: - Increase automation in product area and make testing more robust. - Functional test new products and regression test existing products during each QA release cycle. - Provide test plan and estimates for all components of QA cycle; regression, functional, sanity, smoke test. - Manage the testing, documenting, defect tracking and information flow of multiple projects during each QA cycle. - Collaborate often with Development, Business and Support teams to clarify specs, raise issues/concerns and identify risks throughout the software development life cycle. - Write efficient and effective test cases and test scripts based upon specification documents and business user interactions as well as create test scenarios based on understanding of systems in order to regression test, test new functionality and stress conditions (both automated and manual). - Investigate issues found during QA periods by searching log files, exception messages and database tables (Basic SQL queries). - Actively contribute to ongoing process improvement to help streamline the development life cycle - Create reports (daily status reports and weekly reports) and create testing metrics - Understand and analyze Business, Functional, Technical and UI (User Interface) requirements of the project/release. - - Responsible for overall adherence to QA test Protocol and processes. - Investigate production issues by recreating in test environments, working with development for resolution and coordinating with Support for release. - Use various tools to simulate FIX scenarios (Verifix, Aegis). - Actively contribute to ongoing process improvement to help streamline the development life cycle 
